Near Crowne Plaza Hotel Taste of Cambridge coffee shop Chinese in city centre family friendly no .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with a moderate price . It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine along the riverside and is not kids friendly .
The Cricketers coffee shop , near The Portland Arms serves Chinese food . It is rated 5 out of 5 , but is not family friendly .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop near riverside and has high customer ratings serves English food for moderate prices .
Yes Child friendly , The Punter in riverside , gets a 3 out of 5 .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the riverside area with Chinese food . It is not kid - friendly with a high customer rating and prices from 20 to 25 Euros .
Near Burger King by the riverside area there is a coffee shop that serves English food , not kid friendly , moderating pricing and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 that is called The Eagle .
It has a low customer rating and is not family - friendly , but Fitzbillies coffee shop , located in riverside , has English food with a less than £ 20 price range .
Aromi is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop located in riverside . This establishment has a customer rating of average .
Chinese food specialists , coffee shop , Browns Cambridge located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel is not a family friendly place however is located at the Riverside .
Fitzbillies is a family - friendly , 5 star coffee shop located on the river in the outskirts of the city center .
There is a cheap coffee shop called Cocum which provides English food with 5 put of 5 customer rating . No friendly for kids .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside is Travellers Rest Beefeater with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars .
Highly rated English food in a non child friendly riverside coffee shop will be found at Fitzbillies . The price range is £ 20 - 25 .
Close proximity of The Sorrento is non - family - friendly venue The Wrestlers ; average customer ratings
Near Café Brazil with a low customer rating The Eagle is children friendly by the riverside area .
Browns Cambridge , located in riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel , is a well liked English coffee shop that offers a children friendly atmosphere .
Located in the city centre near Burger King , the Alimentum is a family - friendly restaurant .
On the riverside , near Burger King , you will find The Eagle . It is a cheap , non family - friendly coffee shop that also serves Chinese food . It has an excellent customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
The Wrestlers is child friendly and a 5 star rating .
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop providing food that is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and riverside , and is children friendly .
The Cocum is a cheap priced , English coffee shop with a low customer rating . It is not family - friendly .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
A venue located near the riverside called The Phoenix has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
The Punter is child friendly . It is located in riverside and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
In the riverside is a children friendly place called The Punter . It is however rated low by its customers .
The Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop with low customer rating . It has Chinese food and is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside .
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range . Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre . It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel . Its customer rating is average .
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre , Browns Cambridge English coffee shop . Not family - friendly
The Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food . It is not kid friendly , the rating is high , and the price range is more than £ 30 .
Fitzbillies is a Cheap coffee Shop with a hint of Chinese . It is by the riverside and has an average customer rating .
A coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge is situated near Crowne Plaza Hotel at Riverside . Not family - friendly but serves English food .
The Wrestlers near The Sorrento is child friendly with a mid range customer rating
The Eagle is a coffee chop located in the city centre , near Burger King . It serves English food for a price range of about 20 to 25 pounds . It is not kid friendly however its customer rating is very high .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is located in the city centre . It is near Raja Indian Cuisine .
Cocum is a Chinese coffee shop with a moderate price range and a rating of 1 . It is kid - friendly .
A cheap coffee shop with 5 out of 5 ratings is Fitzbillies . Fitzbillies is family friendly , serves English food , and is located in the riverside area .
In the city centre is a coffee shop which serves English food called Fitzbillies . Unfortunately it is quite expensive , has a low customer rating and does not welcome children .
A family friendly pub , The Wrestlers is near The Sorrento but has a low rating
Located off the river near Burger King , Alimentum does not allow families .
family - friendly The Eagle located near Café Brazil in the city centre has received excellent customer rating .
Clowns is a low - priced coffee shop in the city centre near Clare Hall that serves Chinese food .
The Eagle is a English coffee shop in the city center , near burger king . It is not children friendly , has a high price range , and is near Burger King .
In terms of kids friendly places , there 's Alimentum in Riverside , near Burger King .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine . It serves high - priced English food in a non kid - friendly environment .
Customer rated 3 out of 5 , Cotto is an English coffee shop and is located riverside near The Portland Arms .
With low customer rating , the coffee shop called Cotto serves English food at less than £ 20 in the riverside area , near The Portland Arms .
Near Café Brazil by the river is The Eagle , a child friendly place with a low customer rating .
The Clowns is an English coffee shop located near Clare Hall in the city centre and has low customer rating .
The Eagle , a riverside restaurant , is child - friendly , and is located near the Café Brazil .
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop by the riverside , near Burger King , with a customer rating of three out of five .
Midsummer House has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is located near The Bakers .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located at riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine serves English food has a price range more than £ 30 and a children friendly place .
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food . It has moderate prices , but it 's rated 1 out of 5 and is not kid - friendly .
The Phoenix customer Rating is average is by the riverside
Aromi , the coffee shop in the city center was given a customer rating of 5 out of 5 for a no family - friendly English restaurant
Located near The Portland Arms , The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves English food . This is a family friendly shop that had a low customer rating .
Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop which sells Chinese food . It is rated 3 out of 5 stars and is in the city centre . It has a moderate price range
Wildwood is a low - priced coffee shop that provides breakfast near Ranch .
The Punter is a child friendly coffee shop with Chinese food near Café Sicilia , It has an average customer rating and its price high range .
The Eagle is a child - friendly riverside restaurant with a 5 out of 5 customer rating . It is located near the Café Brazil .
If you 're looking for a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the centre of the city , check out Clowns . Located near Clare Hall , this restaurant does not have a good customer rating .
If you are looking for a kids Friendly establishment in the riverside area , try Alimentum .
There is a moderately priced coffee shop located in the city centre called Fitzbillies . It provides Chinese food , has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 , but is not child friendly .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop with Chinese food and an average rating in city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Near riverside is The Phoenix . It has a low customer rating .
Situated near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area , is the family friendly coffee shop Taste of Cambridge . It serves English food .
Aromi is a British small coffee shop , ideal for individuals look for a short stop near the waterfront
Not family friendly Alimentum across from Burger King
The Wrestlers is a children friendly environment
Describing itself as family friendly , The Punter at the riverside continues to have low customer ratings .
Located near Café Brazil is The Eagle , a restaurant along the riverside with a high customer rating and is also kids friendly .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
Come to The Wrestlers where they serve moderately priced English food . It is a riverside coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine and is great for children .
Alimentum is family - friendly and located in the city centre near Burger King .
Cotto is a moderate priced Chinese coffee shop located in riverside near The Portland Arms
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel , in the riverside area , with a 1 out of 5 Rating , is the Browns Cambridge coffee shop with Chinese food .
The coffee shop Fitzbillies offers amazing Chinese food at a moderate price . Had a rating of 1 out of 5 . Fitzbillies is kid friendly and located in the city centre .
Cocum is a Chinese food coffee shop . It received a 1 out of 5 rating and is in the high price range . It is not a place to bring children .
Near Burger King in the riverside area is a family friendly coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue with a 5 out of 5 star customer rating .
The Golden Palace has an average customer rating . They are a coffee shop located in the city centre . Golden Palace provides English food as well as a high price range .
There is a coffee shop named The Golden Palace that provides Chinese food with price ranges more than £ 30 and a high customer rating in riverside .
The Wrestlers is a Children friendly restaurant with a 3 out of 5 customer Rating
Along the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is the Travellers Rest Beefeater . It has a high customer rating .
The kid friendly coffee shop , Aromi , serves Chinese food and is located riverside . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that offers cheap , family friend English food . It is located in city centre and has an average customer rating .
Fitzbillies is a moderate priced coffee shop in the city center area . The rating is 1 out of 5 for this adult English coffee shop
Clare Hall has a 5 star coffee shop , called Clowns . Good food .
Alimentum , located near Burger King , is not family - friendly .
The Punter is an English coffee shop near Café Sicilia . It is in the moderate price range , child friendly , and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
There is a child friendly venue called The Wrestlers , however its customer rating is low .
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop with English food in the riverside area with a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly English coffee shop with average prices and a high customer rating , located in the city centre .
In riverside , there is an English coffee shop called Aromi . It has a low customer rating and is not family - friendly .
In the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine eat at Travellers Rest Beefeater high customer rating
The Wrestlers welcomes children and is an average restaurant .
There is an English coffee shop in the city centre near The Sorrento that is called The Mill , and it is reasonably priced at less than £ 20 .
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating . It is family friendly and is in the riverside area near Burger King .
Wildwood is a lovely coffee shop near Ranch . It serves great English food and lovely coffee . The customers ratings are very high and the price range is average .
Clowns is a coffee shop that severs English food . Clowns is located in Riverside near Clare Hall . Clowns customer service ratings are low .
All your family in The Sorrento can visit The Wrestlers of one star .
Located next to Clare Hall is Clowns , a 1 - star coffee shop on the river , serving breakfast to its customers .
Near Café Brazil by the riverside , there is a family friendly low rated restaurant called The Eagle .
The Eagle is a kid friendly place in riverside near Café Brazil , but it only has a 1 out of 5 rating .
The Eagle is a restaurant providing take - away deliveries in the low price range . It is located near Burger King
The Eagle coffee shop serves cheap Chinese food . It has an average customer rating and is located on the riverside . It is not family friendly and is near Burger King .
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside is Travellers Rest Beefeater , which holds a 5 out of 5 star rating .
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop , located near Burger King in the city centre . It was given a low customer rating and is not family - friendly .
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly coffee shop that serves English food for £ 20 - £ 25 . It is along the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine .
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range . It is near Ranch . Its customer rating is average .
The Wrestlers is a high priced , kid friendly Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine .
Over by the riverside , you can choose to dine at an average customer rated Travellers Rest Beefeaters , which is located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
Located near Burger King is a coffee shop serving Chinese food called The Eagle . Its price range is over £ 30 , reflected in its high customer rating . It is located on a picturesque riverside . It is not child friendly .
Wildwood is a high costing coffee shop with a rating of one star . WIldwood is also located next to a Ranch .
Aromi , an interesting mix of coffee shop and Chinese cuisine . A child friendly restaurant and located in a riverside area , it has been rated number 1 by existing customers .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food in a high price that customers give them a rating of 1 out of 5 he 's located at riverside
Moderately priced adult - only Chinese coffee shop , The Wrestlers , can be found in the city centre near to Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area , near Burger King . Their price range is high with an average customer rating , and it is not child friendly .
Aromi serves fresh coffee with a family atmosphere in the city centre .
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop . It serves low price range English food . It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area .
Located by the riverside , The Punter has a 5 out of 5 customer rating , and is not family - friendly .
The moderately priced coffee shop The Punter hosts a family friendly environment , and is located near Café Sicilia .
Located near The Portland Arms , The Cricketers offers Chinese food in a coffee shop environment . It has a low rating and is not family friendly .
Aromi is an English coffee shop rated 3 out of 5 known for being kid friendly and located in riverside
Located in the riverside area near to Burger King , The Cambridge Blue is a child friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Clowns coffee shop can be found by the riverside near to Clare Hall ; serving English food and has an average customer rating .
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King in riverside . it is child friendly with an average customer rating .
There is a coffee shop named Fitzbillies with high price ranges in Chinese food . They have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 in the city centre and is not child friendly .
Wildwood is a Chinese coffee shop near Ranch with a high cost and average rating .
Midsummer House has a poor customer rating of 1 out of 5 , it is near The Bakers .
The coffee shop Browns Cambridge serves Chinese food and is not family friendly , It has a low customer service rating . It 's located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre .
Kid friendly place , near The Sorrento , with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 , is a place named The Wrestlers .
Aromi is a coffee shop selling British food . It has a low customer rating but is found by the riverside and is child - friendly .
Next to The Portland Arms is a moderately priced , 3 - star coffee shop called Cotto .
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine . Travellers Rest Beefeater is top rated in riverside
The Punter is 1 star non family restaurant .
A kid friendly coffee shop named The Eagle has opened near Burger King in the city centre . They serve English food , have an average customer rating , and high prices .
The Cocum is a cheap Chinese coffee shop that is family friendly and has an average customer rating .
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food for less than £ 20 . It is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine .
For a family friendly , moderately priced British food , Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre with 1 out of 5 stars .
Welcome to the Fitzbillies . We are not children friendly . Our food is English , and we are located on the riverside . Our price range is 20 - 25 pounds .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with Chinese food ; Price is high and only 1 out of 5 people like it , it 's in riverside .
In riverside is a coffee shop with a high customer rating called The Golden Palace that serves English food and has a price range between £ 20 - 25 .
Cocum is a coffee shop serving Chinese food at moderate prices , but it has a very low customer rating and is not child - friendly .
In Riverside , a highly rated , kid friendly place is The Punter .
Cotto is a coffee shop . They serve Chinese food and are very cheap . Customers rate it 5 out of 5 . It 's located riverside near The Portland Arms
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento , has average customer ratings and is not family - friendly .
At the riverside is a decent restaurant named The Phoenix .
Aromi is a coffee shop located outside of the city centre , it is very family friendly and serves food
There is a English coffee shop in the riverside area with a cheap price range and a 5 out of 5 customer rating score called The Golden Palace .
Cotto coffee shop in Riverside , near The Portland Arms . With a Customer rating high , serves Chinese food .prices £ 20 - 25
If you 're looking for a decent , family friendly coffee shop in riverside , then go to Aromi . It serves Chinese food there too .
Cocum coffee shop is a moderate priced English restaurant that isn 't kids - friendly and is rated 1 out of 5 .
With a price range of less than £ 20 and a low customer rating , Fitzbillies coffee shop serve English food and are not kid friendly .
Cocum is a coffee shop serving moderately priced English food . It is a kid friendly with a customer rating of 1 out 5 stars .
In the area of city centre and near Clare Hall is Clowns . It is a coffee shop that has English food that is has an average rating .
Cocum is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the £ 20 - 25 price range that has a high customer rating and is kids friendly .
There is a highly rated children friendly English coffee shop in the riverside area . It is named Aromi .
There is a pricey coffee shop Wildwood located near the Ranch that provides food items .
Enjoy highly rated Chinese dishes for £ 20 - 25 . The Eagle is a coffee shop located downtown near Burger King . It is not oriented toward family dining .
Cocum , a child friendly coffee shop offers Chinese food at a moderate price range . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
Cocum is a children friendly coffee shop which serves a selection of Chinese food at a high price range . Cocum has received a customer rating of average
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside . It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel . Its customer rating is average .
Near Café Brazil in the riverside area , there is a family friendly restaurant called The Eagle which has an average customer rating .
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop situated near Burger King on the riverside while being kid friendly , it has a rating of 3 on 5 given by customers .
Fitzbillies coffee shop , English food by the riverside . Expensive 3 star family friendly dining .
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee with a high customer rating that is kid friendly and near The Portland Arms .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that also has Chinese food , located near The Portland Arms . It is not family friendly , and has an average customer rating .
No good for families . Alimentum , close to the river .
The Mill , a low priced breakfast and coffee shop located near The Sorrento right by the river .
The Punter is a coffee shop that provides Chinese at a moderate price Range . They are kids Friendly with a 1 out of 5 customer rating near Café Sicilia .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves English food family friendly and customers rate 1 out of 5 located near The Portland Arms
In the riverside area is a coffee shop name The Eagle . It is near the Burger King . The customer rating is a 1 out of 5 and is in the moderate price range . It is kid friendly .
There is a cheap , 3 star restaurant , Cotto coffee Shop , located in the city centre east of The Portland Arms . They offer deliveries , take - out or eat - in .
Located near The Sorrento is a restaurant The Wrestlers . Customer rating 5 out of 5 .
The Eagle has a low rating but is child friendly , located near Café Brazil in the riverside .
The Phoenix is on the riverside and has a rating of 3 out of 5 .
there is a coffee shop only for adults that is in the riverside called Fitzbillies , has a high rating and the prizes are high , they serve English food
The Wrestlers restaurant near The Sorrento , is a highly rated children friendly choice you won 't regret .
The Cotto , located next to The Portland Arms , offers affordable pricing while giving you a nice view of the river .
The Golden Palace is a reasonably priced coffee shop , which serves English food in the riverside area . The ratings are 1 - 2 stars out of 5 .
Do not go to The Punter near riverside .
The Wrestlers is a child friendly coffee shop near to Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area . They serve English food . The price range is high
Alimentum is an adult establish found in the city centre area near Burger King .
Close to Burger King on the riverside , try the coffee shop The Cambridge Blue for 3 out of 5 kid friendly dining
A high end , English grub and coffee shop - Wildwood . Good ratings , near Ranch .
Located in the city centre near Burger King , The Eagle is an English coffee shop with a high customer rating . It is not kid friendly but has a price range between £ 20 - 25 .
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is near Café Sicilia . Its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £ 30 price range . It is located in the city centre . Its customer rating is high .
If you 're staying at The Portland Arms , try Cotto . It is an average priced local coffee house near you in riverside .
Aromi coffee shop serves Chinese food in the riverside area and is kids friendly but has a customer rating of 1 out of 5
The Eagle , a coffee shop , sells Chinese food with a high price range and a 1 out of 5 rating . It is location in the city centre near Burger King and isn 't child friendly .
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King located in Riverside that is kid friendly and has a extremely low customer rating .
The Punter is a restaurant for you and your kids to enjoy the riverside .
A restaurant called Bibimbap House is located near Café Sicilia in the city centre area .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range . It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
Aromi is a coffee shop that offers English food . It is family - friendly . Customer Ratings are average . It is located in the city center .
Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop that is kids friendly and serves Chinese . They have a rating of 1 out of 5 .
The Wildwood is an affordable coffee shop located in Ranch .
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food for moderate prices . It has a 3 out of 5 rating and it is not kids friendly .
In the Riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine there 's a kid friendly , moderately priced coffee shop named The Wrestlers .
Midsummer House gets 5 out of 5 for its customer rating . It 's near The Bakers .
The Wrestlers have a low customer rating , but are family friendly
With a high customer rating , The Eagle is a riverside restaurant with a high customer rating located near Café Brazil .
Adults looking for a bite to eat can easily find The Wrestlers , which has a one star rating .
The Punter is a coffee shop located outside the city centre near Café Sicilia .
There is a coffee shop named Cotto in the city centre . Located near The Portland Arms , it 's price is moderate and it is rated 1 out of 5 .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is located in the city centre . Its customer rating is average .
The Cambridge Blue is a family coffee shop at riverside near Burger King . It is highly rated .
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating by the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel that is not family friendly .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with Chinese food that costs less than £ 20 and has a low customer rating . It is by the riverside and is family friendly .
The Phoenix can be found on riverside and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
The Punter is a coffee shop venue located near Café Sicilia . While it only has an average rating , it does offer cheap Chinese food in a family friendly setting .
The Eagle is an English coffee shop near Burger King in riverside with has a moderate price range , is not kids friendly , and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
The Eagle is a restaurant that is located near Café Brazil in city centre . The customer rating is low and it is not family - friendly .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food . IT is a high price range in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine . It is children Friendly
The Eagle is a coffee shop and Chinese food is also available . High customer rating and food is high price range . Located city center . Near Burger King
Alimentum isn 't family - friendly but it is in riverside .
Cotto is a coffee shop with Chinese food in the high price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5. in the city centre area near The Portland Arms .
The Eagle is highly - rated , family - friendly establishment in the city centre near Café Brazil .
The Punter coffee Shop offers an affordable Chinese menu for an adult audience who have rated it 5 out of 5 . Located close to the Café Sicilia .
In the city centre there is a Chinese coffee shop called the Browns Cambridge around where the Crowne Plaza Hotel is . it has very good customer ratings a straight 5 out of 5
Moderately priced Chinese food is available at Cocum coffee shop , rated 3 out of 5 by customers and kid friendly .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in city centre , enjoy a moderately priced Chinese lunch and coffee at The Wrestlers . This coffee shop does not cater to children .
The Wrestlers is an average child friendly venue .
Aromi is a coffee shop , which has a nice clientele , family atmosphere and English food service . It is located in the area of Riverside
The Cricketers coffee shop serves Chinese food . It has a high customer rating and is kid friendly . It is near The Portland Arms .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre . It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel . Its customer rating is average .
There is a coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue in Riverside near Burger King which is child friendly , customers have given this establishment a rating of 3 out of 5 .
On the riverside near the Burger King , a coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue is a 1 out of 5 star rating children friendly coffee shop .
If you want somewhere to take the kids on the riverside , come to The Punter - highly rated
Riverside has a 1 out of 5 rated coffee shop found near Crowne Plaza Hotel called Browns Cambridge that serves Chinese food and is kid friendly .
The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop located near The Portland Arms with high customer ratings . It serves Chinese food .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £ 20 - 25 price range . It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is high .
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is average .
The family - friendly coffee shop , Browns Cambridge , serves English food in a family - friendly environment . It is neat Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre and has a low customer rating .
Fitzbillies is a child friendly English coffee shop located in the city centre . It is highly rated with prices averaging more than £ 30 .
In Riverside , you 'll find Fitzbillies . It is a passable , affordable coffee shop which interestingly serves Chinese food . Don 't bring your family though .
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel , in riverside , Browns Cambridge coffee shop offers English food and a child friendly environment . They have average customer ratings .
Located near The Bakers , this Midsummer House has a 1 out of 5 rating .
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop serving English food . You 'll find it alongside the river near to the Crowne Plaza Hotel . It isn 't a family - friendly establishment .
Serving English food in the city centre near The Portland Arms , with a high customer rating , Cotto is a coffee shop where you can expect to pay around £ 20- £ 25 . They have a high customer rating .
If you want cheap English food , and somewhere you could the kids , you could try Fitzbillies . It 's by the riverside and about average for the area .
The Punter is child friendly establishment . It is low rated and located on the riverside .
The Phoenix at riverside has a high customer Rating .
The Golden Palace has a perfect customer rating and offers delicious coffee and Chinese food for cheap prices .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the high price range . It is located in the City center .
There is a coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel , in the riverside area , called Browns Cambridge . They offer Chinese food , are reported to be family friendly , and have and average customer rating .
Anyone that has been to the Travellers Rest Beefeater beside the Raja Indian Cuisine by the riverside will tell you that it is a fantastic experience .
There is a family - friendly restaurant named Alimentum in the city centre .
There 's a coffee shop serving Chinese food for less than £ 20 in the city centre . It 's called The Golden Palace and has a low customer rating .
Fitzbillies is a family Friendly cheap price Range coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area of town .
Clowns is a coffee shop with Chinese food , having an average customer Rating , located in the riverside area near Clare Hall .
If you are looking for a restaurant with an average customer rating then Midsummer House near The Bakers is the place
Near Raja Indian Cuisine is Travellers Rest Beefeater which has an average customer rating .
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Burger King . The Eagle is an English , family friendly coffee shop with low customer rating . Their prices are less than £ 20 .
Taste of Cambridge , a kid - friendly coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area , is a place where one can order Chinese food .
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento , it is average - priced and family - Friendly .
The Eagle coffee shop is family friendly , priced less than 20 British Pounds , and located at city centre near Burger King .
The kids said yes to The Wrestlers . It is rated 1 out of 5 .
Fitzbillies is not a children friendly English coffee shop . The customer rating is 1 out of 5 , as well as having a very high price range . If you are interested , it is located in riverside .
If you 're in the riverside area with your children and are looking for a coffee shop that serves Chinese food , The Wrestlers is a good option , though you can expect to spend more than £ 30 . It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
Located in the riverside area , Alimentum is child friendly .
There is a cheap three star coffee shop The Golden Palace located on the river .
The Wrestlers is a cheap , family - friendly , coffee shop serving English food . They are near to Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre .
Children Friendly The Eagle near Café Brazil in the riverside area has average customer Ratings .
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the Riverside area with a good customer rating of 3 out of 5 , it is not child friendly .
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £ 20 - 25 price range . Its customer rating is high .
Aromi is a coffee shop in the riverside area . It sells Chinese food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . It is very children friendly .
A moderately priced coffee shop serving English food at a moderate price situated near Café Sicilia , is The Punter but is not kids friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5
Fitzbillies is an affordable family friendly coffee shop located next to the river north of the City centre .
Aromi is a moderately priced five star coffee shop that serves English food in a children friendly environment in the riverside area .
The Eagle has a customer rating that is low but is family friendly . It is in riverside near Café Brazil
Located near The Sorrento , The Wrestlers boasts a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is a family friendly restaurant .
Fitzbillies is a moderately rated coffee shop in the city centre that sells Chinese food for a cheap price , however it is not family friendly .
Taste of Cambridge is a restaurant that serves English food . It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel is the city centre area . It is also a coffee shop . It is not family - friendly .
Browns Cambridge is a well liked children friendly English coffee shop located in riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The Wrestlers is an English coffee shop near riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine . Its price range is moderate and it 's kids - friendly .
Fitzbillies in the city centre provides English food with a price range £ 20 - 25 . This coffee shop is rated high but not kids friendly .
Cotto coffee Shop is a low - priced , 3 star restaurant that serves breakfast . It is located in city centre , east of The Portland Arms . They also offer eat - in , or take - out . Sorry , no deliveries .
Located riverside , near Café Brazil , is The Eagle , with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , and is children friendly .
Cocum is a coffee shop that is not family friendly and serves British food .
The Eagle is a family - friendly restaurant situated by the riverside , near Café Brazil . Its customer ratings are low .
The Golden Palace is a high charging , low rated , coffee shop on the riverside , it sells English food
Clowns is a top - rated coffee shop serving English food , and is located in riverside near Clare Hall .
The Cricketers coffee shop serves traditional British food . It is located close to The Portland Arms . It is family friendly .
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is located in the city centre . It is near The Sorrento .
The Cocum has a price range less than £ 20 and is also family friendly . It 's a Chinese coffee shop with a low customer rating .
There is a medium priced , 5 star coffee shop located near Ranch which is called Wildwood .
For moderate prices , Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food ; it is rated three out of five and is not child friendly .
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre . They are cheap and serve English food . They are rated 1 out of 5 .
There is a cheap coffee shop Cotto also offering English food . It is located near The Portland Arms in the city centre . Customers rated Cotto 5 out of 5 .
The customers rating of Browns Cambridge is 5 out of 5 . It is not family friendly . It is located to the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that is family friendly near Burger King in the riverside area . It also has a low customer rating .
The coffee shop Taste of Cambridge is not conducive for families . They serve English food and located in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The Wrestlers is a cheap family friendly restaurant .
Located near Café Sicilia , The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food for less than £ 20 . It is a family friendly shop , but its customer rating is low .
Located riverside , The Punter is children friendly , and has a low customer rating .
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that is located next to The Portland Arms .
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located near Burger King in the riverside area . It is kid friendly with a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
Near Café Sicilia , The Punter is a coffee shop with English food , a high customer Rating , is kids Friendly and a price range of £ 20 - 25 .
The family friendly The Wrestlers , located near The Sorrento , has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
Wildwood is a coffee shop serving Chinese food , with a customer rating of 1 out 5 . It is near Ranch with a moderate price range .
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves English food . It is on the riverside , with a high customer rating and average price is £ 30 plus .
Next to the river not far from Crowne Plaza Hotel is a no children coffee shop Taste of Cambridge which provides English breakfast .
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food with a price range of less than £ 20 and has a low customer rating . It is located near Burger King in the center . of the city .
The Wrestlers , a coffee shop that also serves Chinese food less than £ 20 , is located in the riverside , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Cricketers coffee shop serves English food , is family friendly located near The Portland Arms yet a low rating .
Clowns coffee shop is located near Clare Hall in the riverside area , it 's a highly rated customer favorite where you can dine on English cuisine .
there is a Cheap coffee shop that provide English food near Ranch named Wildwood that has 5 out of 5 customer rating
Browns Cambridge is a low rated , family friendly coffee shop . It is located near the Crown Plaza Hotel in the city centre . .
The non - family - friendly coffee shop The Cambridge Blue is located in the riverside area near Burger King . It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
The Mill is a high priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food and is located on the riverside near The Sorrento .
The Eagle is a Café that has received high reviews for its Chinese food . Leave the kids at home to enjoy a meal for £ 20 - 25 . Located in the centre of the city near Burger King .
There is a a low rated place to eat in the city centre called The Punter . It is not family - friendly .
coffee shop moderately priced Cotto is located next to The Portland Arms .
Fitzbillies coffee shop that is Fast food and has a price range that is less than £ 20 in the city centre its family - friendly and low customer rating
Near Café Brazil is a family friendly coffee shop that received a customer rating of 1 out of 5 that is located at riverside , called The Eagle .
An area in riverside has a high customer rating and hoes by the name of The Phoenix .
The Phoenix has a low customer rating and is near the riverside .
Midsummer House has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is near The Bakers .
Cotto is as a coffee shop , sells Chinese food , price range 20 - 25 , high customer service , located in City Centre near The Portland Arms
Near Burger King in the city centre is a coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue that is family - friendly and has an average customer rating .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop placed at north of city centre close to Raja Indian Cuisine . You can go with all your family to this exclusive shop if you love the traditional British food .
The Wrestlers , Is a coffee shop and is family - friendly , cheap and reasonable priced is very good for the family , We provide full English food . Located near Raja Indian Cuisine In the city centre .
Welcome to the Fitzbillies . We are not children friendly . Our food is English , and we are located on the riverside . Our price range is 20 - 25 pounds .
Taste of Cambridge , a coffee shop located riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel , serves Chines food . It is not family friendly .
The Punter is a coffee shop providing English food . It is located near of Café Sicilia .
In the riverside area there is a restaurant called Bibimbap House . It located near Café Sicilia .
The Punter has a customer rating of average and is family - Friendly .
The Taste of Cambridge is a family - friendly English coffee ship near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre .
Fitzbillies is a mid priced coffee shop for the entire family located in City centre ,
With a 1 out of 5 star customer rating , there are far better coffee shops to go to that serve English food then The Cricketers near The Portland Arms which are also child friendly .
Aromi is a coffee shop selling British food . It has a low customer rating but is found by the riverside and is child - friendly .
The Eagle coffee shop serves cheap Chinese food with an average customer rating and is located near Burger King on the Riverside and is family friendly
Cotto is a coffee shop in City centre near The Portland Arms . It is inexpensive . It has a three star rating .
Near Burger King by the riverside there is a coffee shop called The Eagle yes with a moderate price range and rating of 1 out of 5
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area , Travellers Rest Beefeater has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
The Eagle is a non- child friendly coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area that serves Chinese food . It has a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Check out the kid friendly , 1 - star place , The Wrestlers .
The Wrestlers is a low rated place , but children friendly .
The Wrestlers is children friendly and customer rating 3 out of 5 .
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre . It is near Clare Hall . Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
The Eagle is near Burger King in riverside . It serves expensive English food in a coffee shop setting . It 's not child friendly , but has average ratings .
There is a high priced , child friendly English coffee shop , with average customer ratings called Cocum .
The Punter is an adult only coffee shop near Café Sicilia moderately rated English eatery offering a moderately priced
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food that is priced in the higher than average range . It has a customer rating of one out of five and is child - friendly .
In the city centre near The Sorrento , there 's a Chinese coffee shop called The Mill . Prices are less than £ 20 .
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is low .
The Wrestlers has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . It is family friendly .
Cocum is a low - priced coffee shop south of the city centre that delivers take - away .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre which serves English food . It has a low customer rating and the prices are high and unfortunately it is not child friendly .
Bibimbap House is located near Café Sicilia along the riverside .
Midsummer House has an average customer rating and is near The Bakers .
In the riverside area , near Clare Hall , there is a coffee shop called Clowns that serves English food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £ 20 price range . It is located in the riverside . It is near Raja Indian Cuisine .
Welcome to The Wrestlers , we are not family - friendly . Our customer rating is low and we are near The Sorrento .
Located near a Burger King in city centre , The Eagle is a child friendly coffee shop serving English food with a high customer rating . The price range is more than 30 .
If you are looking for somewhere kids friendly then look at going to The Wrestlers although it does have a customer rating of 3 out 5 .
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre . It is near Clare Hall . Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
5 out of 5 rating riverside venue that is family friendly called The Punter .
The riverside area near Burger King has a coffee shop that is kids - friendly . It has a price range in The Eagle . I give the food a 3 out of 5 .
The Punter coffee shop offers breakfast and coffee at a moderate price point . It boasts a family friendly atmosphere and is located near Café Sicilia .
If you are searching for a coffee shop with moderate price range and is not kids friendly , Cocum might be the place for you . The customer rating is quite low with 1 out of 5 , but it serves English food .
In the city center . , a place to get breakfast with the family , is the one star rated coffee shop Fitzbillies , with low prices .
The Wrestlers near The Sorrento is averagely rated and is family friendly .
The Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in riverside that sells Chinese food in a cheap price range . It has an average customer rating and is average and it is not family friendly .
The Eagle in riverside is kids - friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 near Café Brazil .
The Eagle is over by Café Brazil . It is kid friendly and has a customer rating of average .
The Phoenix in riverside has a 1 our of 5 customer rating .
The Cambridge Blue is a non family - friendly , average rated coffee shop that is located near Burger King in the city centre .
The Wrestlers is a ONE STAR rating .
Midsummer House is located near The Bakers and boasts a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
The Golden Palace serves Chinese food in a coffee shop for £ 20 - 25 you can get a meal near the city centre .
Clowns is a coffee shop located in the riverside near the Clare Hall that provides Chinese food , with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
The Mill coffee shop on river with lowest prices
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £ 20 price range . It is located in the city centre . Its customer rating is low .
Come and visit our new riverside resort called Travellers Rest Beefeater . It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
The Mill is a coffee shop with high prices . It also serves English food and is located in the city centre near The Sorrento .
For a kid friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating that also serves Chinese food try The Cricketers near The Portland Arms .
Located near The Bakers , Midsummer House gets high ratings from its customers .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is located in the riverside . It is near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near The Portland Arms . Its customer rating is average .
The Cricketers coffee shop offers great Chinese food and is rated a 5 out of 5 . Cricketers is located near The Portland Arms and is family friendly .
The Eagle is a moderately priced coffee shop with a low customer rating . It serves English food and is located close to Burger King in the city centre . It is not suitable for families with children .
The Cambridge Blue , is a family - friendly coffee shop , located near Burger King in city centre . The received a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
Located in the riverside area The Punter although not family - friendly , is highly rated as 5 out of 5 .
The Wildwood coffee shop near Ranch offers cheap Chinese food .
Taste of Cambridge is a fusion coffee shop and Chinese . It 's located in the City Centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel . Families are welcome .
Aromi is an average coffee shop in the riverside area , but they also serve Chinese food . Aromi is also children friendly .
The Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop that has a 5 out of 5 rating , located in the city centre , but it is still family Friendly and near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the centre of the city is a coffee shop , Browns Cambridge . Serving English food , it has average customer ratings but if family - friendly .
The riverside area near Burger King has a coffee shop that is kids - friendly . It has a price range in The Eagle . I give the food a 3 out of 5 .
The Golden Palace will delight you with average cheap English food with in the coffee shop in the city center .
There is an expensive coffee shop with Chinese food and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 called Cotto in the city centre near The Portland Arms .
Not kid friendly and rated 1 out of 5 , English restaurant Cocum is moderate priced .
Bibimbap House can be found in the riverside area near Café Sicilia .
The Cambridge Blue is in the Riverside area . It is a coffee shop near Burger King . It is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
The Cricketers with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 is a coffee shop and Chinese that is child friendly . It is located near The Portland Arms .
The Eagle , an adult oriented coffee shop serving English food , in riverside near Burger King , has moderate prices and customer ratings of 3 out of 5 .
The Eagle is a kid friendly coffee shop with moderate prices . The Eagle is located in the riverside near Burger King . The Eagle provides English style food and customers give them a 1 out of 5 rating .
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is near Café Sicilia . Its customer rating is average .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that sells English food , Its high priced and is children - friendly and customers Rated it average .
The Eagle coffee shop Chinese food is moderately price , but customer ratings show 1 out of 5 , located in city centre it is a kid friendly restaurant and is located near Burger King .
The Punter is low rated and child friendly located on the riverside
the coffee shop offers children eat free , with a high customer rating named The Cambridge Blue beside Burger King round the corner from the riverside .
Located near the Raja Indian Cuisine restaurant - Travellers Rest Beefeater in Riverside has an average rating .
There is a family friendly low priced coffee shop that is called Cocum it is rated one star .
The ' Cotto ' is a cheap coffee shop which also serves Chinese food . The customer rating is average but it is located in the city centre , near ' The Portland Arms ' .
The Punter , a coffee shop near Café Sicilia that serves English food , have prices less than £ 20 . It has a low customer rating and is not being family - friendly .
The Wrestlers is a high - priced coffee shop that serves English cuisine in an adult environment . It is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine .
English food served in a family friendly environment and near The Portland Arms is The Cricketers , a coffee shop that has an average customer rating .
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King . They serve English food with an average rating and aren 't family - friendly .
The low customer rated venue , The Punter , is a family - friendly venue in riverside .
Cocum is a coffee shop that also does Chinese food . It is cheap , gets an average customer rating and is not family friendly .
Located in the riverside area , The Phoenix has a low customer rating .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near The Portland Arms . Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
The Eagle is a coffee shop which offers Chinese food and has a high price range . The customer rating is 1 out of 5 and it is not children friendly . It is located near Burger King . It is located in city centre
The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre , near The Sorrento . It provides food for less than £ 20 .
The Phoenix has a riverside setting and an average customer rating .
There is a family - friendly restaurant in city centre called The Punter , and it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
The Cambridge Blue in the riverside area near Burger King is a child friendly coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating .
The Eagle is a child friendly eatery situated in riverside near Café Brazil . It is rated 1 out of 5 by its customers .
The Golden Palace located on the riverside is given an average customer rating for having cheap prices . It is a coffee shop that also offers Chinese food .
Fitzbillies , a coffee shop specializing in Chinese food , can be found in the Riverside area . Be prepared for a high price range . The place is rated as ' average ' by customers . Please note it is not a child friendly destination .
English coffee shop in the city centre called Fitzbillies has a high price range , a customer rating of average and is children - friendly
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia . It has a 1 out of 5 rating and is high priced . It 's serves English food and is children friendly .
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre . Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
You should try Cocum , it 's a coffee shop that 's cheap and family friendly . They also have a 5 star rating . They serve Chinese food .
Near The Sorrento is The Wrestlers , a kids friendly place with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving English food located in the riverside area . Prices are average for this area and customer ratings are high .
Midsummer House has a low customer rating and is located near The Bakers .
Clowns is a bad coffee shop and English food joint near Clare Hall on the river .
The Cricketers coffee shop is located near The Portland Arms and serves breakfast .
Aromi is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop offering Chinese food at a moderate price range in the city centre . It has received a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
Fitzbillies is a moderate price range coffee shop by the riverside that serves English food , is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
The Eagle coffee Shop is located near Burger King in riverside area . It providing English food , moderate price range and 3 out of 5 costumer rating
The Eagle , a Chinese coffee shop in riverside near Burger King , is in the high price range and is rated high by customers . It is not children - friendly .
Not only is The Wrestlers children friendly , it also has a high customer rating .
The Eagle is a low - rated coffee shop in the riverside area , near Burger King , serving Chinese food priced under £ 20 . They are not family friendly .
Browns Cambridge is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food . They have a high customer rating and are located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside .
In riverside there is an establishment called The Phoenix which has a low customer rating .
Taste of Cambridge coffee shop , located in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel , offers a family - friendly environment and serves English dishes .
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is located in the city centre . It is near The Portland Arms . Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
The Punter is a kid - friendly coffee shop , offering Chinese food at a moderate price . It is located near Café Sicilia . It has been rated by customers 1 out of 5 .
The adults only highly recommended , The Wrestlers , is located near The Sorrento .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near The Portland Arms . Its customer rating is high .
There is a Chinese coffee shop near Clare Hall in the riverside area called Clowns its not got a good rating though .
There is a cheap English coffee shop Fitzbillies on the riverside for couples .
The Punter is an expensive coffee shop with Chinese food near Café Sicilia . It is family friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Midsummer House is located near The Bakers and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near The Portland Arms . Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
A kid friendly establishment with a high customer rating is The Wrestlers .
Cotto , in the city centre near The Portland Arms , is an English coffee shop with cheap prices and a high customer satisfaction rating of 5 out of 5 .
Fitzbillies coffee shop that is Fast food and has a price range that is less than £ 20 in the city centre its family - friendly and low customer rating
The Mill coffee shop serves British fare at reasonable prices . Near The Sorrento .
Wildwood provides English food for a moderate price . It has a low customer rating and is located near Ranch . It is a coffee shop .
The Mill is a costly coffee shop offering British - style dishes . It is located on the river near The Sorrento .
The Wrestlers is a fantastic place for the whole family to attend for a bite to eat . The customer rating is high meaning that you will receive a high standard which can only be expected for the whole family .
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia , provides a family friendly environment and is moderately priced .
The Phoenix , a city centre establishment , has achieved a high customer rating .
In the city centre near to Burger King is The Eagle Chinese coffee shop , it has bad customer ratings but it is child friendly .
In the riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop named the Taste of Cambridge .
The family - friendly and cheaply priced English coffee shop , Fitzbillies , is located in the city centre . It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
The Eagle is a coffee shop and Chinese food is also available . We have a high customer rating and food is high price range more than £ 30 . Located city center . Children friendly and near Burger King
The Wrestlers is near The Sorrento . It has a high customer rating and it is a child friendly establishment .
Located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area is a family friendly restaurant with a 5 of 5 customer rating named Browns Cambridge .
Browns Cambridge is a good coffee shop for family . It 's not in the city centre . Family can eat breakfast at Browns Cambridge . This Café in not in the centre of the city , It 's near the Crowne Plaza Hotel .
Cotto serves English food in a coffee shop . It is located in the city centre area near The Portland Arms with average ratings
Wildwood is a coffee shop that also serves Chinese food near Ranch . The establishment boasts high customer ratings , and the menu is priced between £ 20 - 25 .
Aromi is a coffee shop that is family - friendly and sells English food . It has a low customer rating and is located in the city centre .
Located in the city centre near Burger King and rated 5 out of 5 , family friendly The Eagle serves Chinese food for cheap .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms with an average customer rating serving English food . It is not a family - friendly venue .
The Punter is a cheap , not family - friendly , English coffee shop near Café Sicilia .
Near Café Sicilia there is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food called The Punter which has a price range less than £ 20 and has a low customer rating .
There is a coffee shop serving Chinese food called The Mill . It has a moderate price range is is find in the city centre near The Sorrento .
The English place The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located by the riverside . It offers moderate price range and the customer are rating it average .
Near The Sorrento , The Wrestlers has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop on City Centre that serves English food . The price varies between £ 20 - 25 , and has a high customer rating .
Cocum is a coffee shop which is not child - friendly and only has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , but it offers Chinese food at moderate prices .
The Punter is a kid friendly restaurant in the riverside area with a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
On the riverside there is a child friendly place called Alimentum .
Wildwood is our new English coffee shop . Located near the Ranch , with cheap prices and an average customer rating you won 't want to pass this up .
The Cricketers a coffee shop that serves English food . It allows children but has a very low rating . It is found near The Portland Arms .
The Punter is a family friendly riverside restaurant . It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
Wildwood is a mid cost coffee shop . It is poorly rated and is located by the Ranch
Midsummer House is located near The Bakers and boasts a rating of 3 out of 5 .
There is a coffee shop named The Eagle that serves Chinese food . It is expensive with average customer ratings and is child friendly . It is located near Burger King in riverside .
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre is the family - unfriendly coffee shop Taste of Cambridge . They serve English food .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £ 20 price range . It is located in the city centre . Its customer rating is low .
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in the riverside area , located near Burger King . Though it is family - friendly , customer ratings are low .
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop in the riverside area with an average customer rating and high price range .
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King . It is children friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
Midsummer House has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is located near The Bakers .
The Mill is a coffee shop located near The Sorrento , serving English food with a price range of more than £ 30 .
The Cricketers , a Chinese take out , is a coffee shop . It receives average ratings , is family friendly , and is part of The Portland Arms .
Near The Portland Arms in the riverside area sits a coffee shop called Cotto serving Chinese food . Cotto has a high customer rating with prices ranging from £ 20 - 25 .
A child friendly Chinese coffee shop called The Eagle , has a rating of 1 out of 5 , with a high price range and is located riverside , near Burger King .
Midsummer House is an extremely high rated restaurant located near The Bakers .
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside is the highly rated Travellers Rest Beefeater restaurant .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop which offers Chinese food . It has a moderate price range . It is in a riverside area . It is not kids friendly and it is near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop serving Chinese food . It 's near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre and is kid friendly
The Eagle is located just below the river , near Burger King . It serves high priced British food . This coffee shop is family friendly and rated three stars .
A children friendly coffee shop in the riverside area is The Cambridge Blue . It is located near Burger King and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
Located in the city centre , Fitzbillies is an average priced , high rated English coffee shop that is family - friendly .
The Eagle is average and yes the Café Brazil in riverside is known to be family friendly .
Aromi , a child - friendly English coffee shop in Riverside , has a customer service rating of 1 out of 5 .
There is a coffee shop in the city centre named Fitzbillies . It serves moderately - priced English food . Children are not allowed .
The kid friendly coffee shop , Browns Cambridge , near Crown Plaza Hotel in riverside serves English food . It only got 1 out of 5 .
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop with moderate prices and average ratings . They are located in riverside . They are no kid friendly .
An average customer rated venue located near The Bakers is called Midsummer House .
For English food , Cocum is an adult oriented coffee shop with a high customer rating , and a price range of £ 20 - 25 .
In riverside near Burger King there is a English coffee shop called The Eagle with a price range of £ 20 - 25 , it has a high customer rating and is child friendly .
A great kid friendly area that is riverside is The Punter , it is rated 3 out of 5 by consumers .
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies in the City center . . It is in the high price range .
Located near Café Sicilia , The Punter is a high priced English coffee shop with an average customer rating . It is not children friendly .
The Cricketers is a children friendly coffee shop close to The Portland Arms . It has an average customer rating and they provide English .
Clowns coffee shop Chinese Food , is merely average for customer ratings it received 3 out of 5 , the shop is located in the riverside near Clare Hall .
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre . With a rating of 5 out of 5 , and no kids allowed , this place will amaze you with it 's English food . Located close to Burger King .
The Cambridge Blue , a coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King , provides children - friendly food , and has an average customer rating .
The Golden Palace is a moderate priced coffee shop located close to the river that provides take away
Located near The Sorrento , The Wrestlers is highly recommended for the entire family .
Located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel , Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop styled establishment that sells delicious Chinese food . Known in the Riverside area for it 's children friendly atmosphere , it has received high ratings .
The Eagle is a highly priced adult only coffee shop that offers Chinese food . It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating and is located by Burger King in the riverside area .
High customer Ratings , Children Friendly . The Eagle , near Café Brazil , located in the Riverside area .
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in the city centre . It has an average rating and not children friendly . The price range is high .
Alimentum is located near Burger King in riverside . It is not family - friendly .
The Eagle in the riverside area near to the Café Brazil is a place friendly for family . The customer rating is an average .
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly place with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese cuisine in the low price range . It is located in Riverside , near The Sorrento .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre . It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel . Its customer rating is low .
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop with Chinese food near The Portland Arms in the city centre area . They received an average customer rating .
There is a children friendly coffee shop Taste of Cambridge located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel that provides English food .
The Wrestlers is an English coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area . It has a high price range and is not child - friendly .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that offers a full breakfast at a moderate price .
The Eagle is a venue in riverside near Café Brazil . They have an average customer rating . It is not a good place to take children .
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £ 20 - 25 price range . It is located in the riverside . It is near Burger King . Its customer rating is high .
Near the riverside The Punter has an average customer rating and also child friendly
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside . It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel . Its customer rating is high .
The Wrestlers , near The Sorrento , has a 5 out of 5 rating and is family friendly .
Delicious Chinese food offered at The Eagle is located center . City next to Burger King . Offering up delicious cuisine in the upper range price , The Eagle is child friendly . Rated a 1 out of 5 rating , this place will please even the pickiest eaters .
The Golden Palace , which can be found on the riverside , is a coffee shop serving Chinese food . It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and the price range is high .
Cheap coffee shop , Cocum , serves English food . It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is not family - friendly .
Aromi is a coffee shop near city centre not family orientated
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the city centre near the Raja Indian Cuisine . It has a low customer rating .
Clowns is a three out of five starred coffee shop located near Clare Hall .
The Eagle is an English coffee shop near Burger King with a high price range and 1 out of 5 customer rating .
The Mill is a coffee shop serving expensive Chinese food in the city centre near The Sorrento .
The Eagle coffee shop near Burger King in Riverside serves English meals under £ 20 . It is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating .
Fitzbillies is an expensive coffee shop that serves English food by the riverside . It has a customer rating of 1 out 5 and children are not allowed .
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre . Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
The Mill is a coffee shop that also serves English food . The price range is high . It is located near The Sorrento in the city centre area .
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento . It is child friendly , but has a low customer rating .
Fitzbillies is a family oriented coffee shop offering 5 star service and complete meals .
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside . It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
Wildwood is an inexpensive coffee shop near the Ranch .
Café Brazil is located in the City centre in The Eagle
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in riverside that sells Chinese and has a moderate price range and also has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Along the riverside is a high customer rated place called The Phoenix .
There 's a Chinese and coffee shop that 's less than £ 20 , near Raja Indian Cuisine along the riverside that 's not really family friendly . It 's called The Wrestlers .
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop with a high price range . It is located in riverside and has average customer ratings .
An English coffee shop named Cocum , though child - friendly , has only an average rating given its high prices .
The Cocum has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 , its cheap too . The coffee shop serves English food and coffee and is family friendly .
Located in riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel is Taste of Cambridge coffee shop , serving Chinese food in a family friendly environment .
The family friendly low rated restaurant The Punter is located on the riverside .
Taste of Cambridge is a child - friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area .
There is a venue in riverside called The Eagle . It is located near Café Brazil . They aren 't family - friendly . Their ratings are average .
A children friendly coffee shop called The Punter is near Café Sicilia . It 's expensive , serves English food , and has a very low rating .
Cotto is a Chinese food serving coffee shop with a high customer rating near The Portland Arms in the city centre and has a price range of more than £ 30 .
With a 5 out of 5 rating , Fitzbillies is a non kid friendly coffee shop serving cheap Chinese food .
The Punter is a moderate - priced restaurant near Café Sicilia that serves Chinese food .
Travellers Rest Beefeater in the city center , near Raja Indian Cuisine , has a high customer rating .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine you will find The Wrestlers . A coffee shop serving English food over £ 30 . It is child friendly .
The Golden Palace is a three star coffee shop located on the river .
In there city center there is a coffee shop named Aromi that is average rated and serves Chinese food
Cocum coffee shop and dine in restaurant is inexpensive , good for families , and has decent reviews .
Alimentum , situated by the river , is child friendly .
The Travellers Rest Beefeater near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre has an average rating .
Even though it receives a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , The Wrestlers is a kids friendly venue .
Ranch is located next to a mid priced coffee shop called Wildwood .
Although not the cheapest place , the family - friendly Fitzbillies coffee shop is worth a try for good plain meals not too far from Cambridge 's City centre . Children are welcome .
There is coffee shop located inside of the Ranch . Wildwood offers great breakfast with a three star rating .
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop located on the river . It serves English food but has a low customer rating .
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese coffee shop with 5 out of 5 stars in the city centre . It is not family friendly .
The Wrestlers has a high customer rating and is kid friendly .
Midsummer House is a 5 out of 5 rated place near The Bakers .
A really good place by the riverside is The Phoenix .
There is a coffee shop named Cotto that is located in riverside near The Portland Arms . They provide moderately priced Chinese food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
The Phoenix in the riverside is very high - rated .
The Wrestlers , near The Sorrento , is a children - friendly establishment with a low customer rating .
Customers rated The Wrestlers 3 out of 5 and it is kids friendly .
Near Café Brazil in the city centre is a low rated family - friendly restaurant called The Eagle .
The riverside hosts The Punter which is both kid friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
It has average customer ratings and family - friendly services near Burger King ; The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is in city centre .
By The Sorrento , there 's a high rated and kid friendly place called The Wrestlers .
Cotto is a low customer rating average price coffee shop that serves English food . It is in riverside near The Portland Arms .
The Eagle is a moderately priced , kid friendly coffee shop which also offers Chinese food . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is located in the city centre near Burger King .
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms near riverside . Customers give it a high rating , and the price range is more than £ 30 .
At the riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle with customer rating 1 out of 5 and it is children friendly .
Near The Portland Arms is a child friendly coffee shop that serves English style food . It is called The Cricketers and customers rate it 1 out of 5 .
The Eagle at riverside is child friendly . It has decent reviews and is near Café Brazil .
The Eagle coffee shop has a 1 out of 5 customer rating , where you can get English food . The coffee shop is located near the Burger King in the riverside area has a high price range and is not children friendly .
Alimentum is a non - family - friendly establishment near Burger King at the riverside .
For a night out without the kids , try Fitzbillies in the riverside area . It 's a pricier Chinese coffee shop that customers like a lot .
The Wrestlers restaurant has an average customer rating and is children - friendly .
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop with a moderate price range . Located in the city centre , Fitzbillies is not child friendly and boasts a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
Located at the riverside is a restaurant called The Phoenix , it has good food
The Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop , located in the area of Riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel . The food they offer is English .
In Riverside you will find the kid - friendly restaurant Alimentum .
The Phoenix has an average customer rating and is located in the city centre area .
Near The Sorrento is a family friendly restaurant called The Wrestlers which has a low customer rating .
An average , family friendly coffee shop located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel , the Browns Cambridge serves Chinese food .
Aromi has coffee with a friendly atmosphere and located in City Centre .
There is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel named Browns Cambridge rated 1 out of 5 .
Aromi is a average customer rated family coffee shop .
The Cricketers family friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms serves English food , has low customer rating .
The Wrestlers is a Entertainment near The Sorrento people rating 5 out of 5 , children friendly yes
A kid - friendly place with a 3 out of 5 customer rating is The Wrestlers .
The Punter is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food for less than £ 20 . It has a low customer rating and is family friendly . It is located near Café Sicilia .
Down the riverside is an English place called The Golden Palace . The customer rating and the price range are average .
The Golden Palace is a riverside coffee shop which also serves Chinese food for £ 20- £ 25 . It has a high customer rating .
Aromi is a highly rated coffee shop providing Chinese food in the riverside area . It is not family friendly .
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop with low customer rating in the centre of the Crowne Plaza Hotel .
Browns Cambridge is located in the riverside area near the Crown Plaza Hotel and is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food with a low customer rating .
In the city centre near Burger King is a low rated adult only coffee shop with average prices for English grub called The Eagle
Aromi is a coffee shop providing take - away deliveries in the low price range . It is located in the city centre .
Near Burger King is Alimentum , which is child friendly and runs along the riverside .
The Punter is a family - friendly venue in riverside with a low customer rating .
The Wrestlers is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located riverside by Raja Indian Cuisine . It is a family friendly establishment .
In riverside , The Phoenix has a 1 out of 5 customer Rating .
The Eagle is an English coffee shop located near Burger King within the riverside area . It is highly rated with prices between £ 20 - 25 and it is not conducive for kids .
Clowns is an English coffee shop near Clare Hall in the city centre . It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
The Phoenix has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is located within riverside .
By The Portland Arms is The Cricketers . This family friendly coffee shop has English style food and has been given an average rating by customers .
For an average rated eatery try The Phoenix located in the riverside area .
Family Friendly coffee Shop , Aromi is located in riverside serving 5 out of 5 rated English Food .
Near the riverside is a kids friendly eatery called Alimentum . There is a Burger King close to it as well .
The Cambridge Blue located in the riverside area near Burger King , children friendly coffee shop with a low customer rating
Near Café Brazil you will find the customer rated 5 out of 5 , family friendly , The Eagle . It is located near Riverside .
The Punter is located in the city centre , it has an average rating and is not family - friendly .
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside , you will find Browns Cambridge , a kid friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food with a 1 out of 5 rating .
The Punter is an expensive coffee shop located by the Café Sicilia . The restaurant provides British food in a family friendly environment
The Eagle is a moderately priced kid friendly coffee shop that sells Chinese food . It is located near a Burger King in the center . of the city and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel near the riverside is a children friendly coffee shop called the Taste of Cambridge . It has Chinese food .
The Punter is a 3 star medium priced coffee shop for families near Café Sicilia .
The Chinese coffee shop The Golden Palace is in the city center . , has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and has a moderate price range .
Fitzbillies is a non kid friendly riverside coffee shop serving English food . They have a high customer rating and a price range of £ 20 - 25 .
The Cricketers is a family friendly , average rated coffee shop that serves Chinese . It is located near The Portland Arms .
Bibimbap House is near Café Sicilia in city centre .
An English coffee shop that 's highly priced and has an average customer rating is Wildwood , which is located near Ranch .
Bibimbap House is near Café Sicilia . It is located on the riverside .
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is near Burger King on the riverside . It is kids friendly and has a high customer rating .
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese for less than 20 euros , it is family friendly but has a low customer rating .
There is a highly rated children friendly English coffee shop in the riverside area . It is called Aromi .
Near Burger King by the riverside there is a coffee shop called The Eagle yes with a moderate price range and rating of 1 out of 5
Cocum coffee shop is not kid friendly and expensive and is rated one out of five by customer does serve Chinese food .
The Eagle is an okay restaurant located on the river by Café Brazil . They welcome youngsters .
Yes , this restaurant is children friendly and the English food is great . The restaurant is named Fitzbillies located in the city centre where the ratings scores an average of 1 out of 5 . This restaurant is also similar to a coffee shop where the prices are high .
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is located in the city centre . It is near The Portland Arms . Its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
There is a children friendly place called The Wrestlers that is located near The Sorrento and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
Browns Cambridge coffee shop serves Chinese food . Located in Riverside , Browns Cambridge is children friendly . The customers rate their experience as average . You can find this location near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The Punter is a non - family - friendly English coffee shop near Café Sicilia with an average customer rating and has an average customer rating .
Aromi coffee shop serves Chinese food in the city centre . It is of high standard and families are welcome .
Located at riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine there is a coffee shop called The Wrestlers that serves English food that has a price range of more than £ 30 and a children friendly place .
Browns Cambridge coffee shop is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel . Serving Chinese food , it is not family friendly and has a low customer rating .
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop located near the River .
Near Burger King in the city centre is a coffee shop called The Eagle serving moderately priced English food . Customer ratings are low and it does not cater for children .
An average place in Riverside welcomes guests of all ages called The Punter .
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is family friendly but has a low rating . It is in riverside near Burger King .
the average The Phoenix is in the riverside area
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £ 20 price range . It is near Café Sicilia . Its customer rating is low .
Fitzbillies is located in the riverside area with a high customer rating . It serves English food , is kids friendly , and has a price range of £ 20 - 25 .
The Mill coffee shop serves English fare at reasonable prices . Near The Sorrento .
The Phoenix by the riverside is really good .
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre that serves Chinese . It has an average customer rating . It is not child friendly .
The Punter have very low rating and only meant for adults .
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop which offer English food for a cheap price . Located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving average quality breakfast food . It is low priced and family friendly .
Fitzbillies coffee shop is a family friendly Chinese restaurant in the city centre .
Located in Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is a high rated hotel named Travellers Rest Beefeater
Cotto the coffee Shop is located by The Portland Arms . It is rated three stars and is highly priced .
Cotto is located near The Portland Arms . It is a riverside coffee shop with a moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
The highly rated and kid friendly Aromi coffee shop serves Chinese food in the riverside area .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside . It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel . Its customer rating is high .
The Mill is also a chines restaurant . It has high prices . it is near The Sorrento
The coffee Shop , Cocum , serves low cost meals and coffee . This is not a family establishment , adults only . Rating : Average .
The Eagle coffee shop provides cheap and cheerful Chinese food . It is located in the city centre near Burger King . It has average customer ratings and is not family friendly .
Customers are highly satisfied with their experience at Travellers Rest Beefeater beside the Raja Indian Cuisine by the riverside .
In the city centre , near Raja Indian Cuisine , there is an English coffee shop named The Wrestlers . It is in the moderate price range and it is child - friendly .
Cocum is a family - friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food at a decent price in a good environment .
In the city centre you will find a highly rated English coffee shop called Fitzbillies . It has prices averaging more than £ 30 and is child friendly .
Clowns in riverside , near Clare Hall has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . It is a coffee shop and also has Chinese food .
Cocum has a rating of 1 out of 5 . The price range is moderate and its kid friendly .
Browns Cambridge is a English food , coffee shop that is not family - friendly near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside with a low customer rating .
Fitzbillies is a Chinese food serving , cheap coffee shop in the city centre which is family friendly and rated 5 out of 5 by customers .
The Wrestlers is a new kid friendly venue . With a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , your kids will love it .
The Eagle , near Café Brazil on the riverside , is very highly rated . It is not family - friendly .
go with your children The Punter it is a children friendly place
Cocum is an English coffee shop that is highly rated by customers . It is has an average price range of £ 20- £ 25 and it is not kids - friendly .
English food is served at Cotto in the city centre near to The Portland Arms . Prices are high and customer rating is low at this coffee shop establishment .
In the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine there is an English coffee shop called The Wrestlers . It is expensive and children friendly .
The Mill is a restaurant English with coffee shop on the side The Sorrento in the city centre with moderate price
The Wrestlers is a child friendly restaurant . Customers rate it 5 out of 5 stars .
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop with a high price range . It is located in riverside and has average customer ratings . It is not children friendly .
The Eagle , located in the riverside near Burger King , provides 5 out of 5 star rating cheap Chinese food and coffee .
The Eagle is a low rated family - friendly restaurant near Café Brazil in the city centre .
Near Clare Hall is a coffee shop that provides breakfast called Clowns .
The Browns Cambridge , is a coffee shop also serving Chinese food . It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel . On the bright side , it a kids - friendly place on the riverside , but the customer rating is rather low , 1 out of 5 .
The Eagle near Burger King in riverside has a 1 out of 5 customer rating . It is an English coffee shop with a high price range that is not child friendly .
With an expensive price tag , low quality food currently rated at 1 out of 5 , and no room for a whole family , The Punter is a coffee shop selling English food that you should stay away from . You can find it near Café Sicilia .
There is a coffee shop near Clare Hall in Riverside called Clowns . Clowns serves English food with low customer ratings .
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly restaurant located near The Sorrento . It is rated 3 out of 5 by customers .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside . It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel . Its customer rating is average .
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in the city centre with a high customer rating . It is not kids friendly and has a price range of 20 to 25 pounds .
There is a cheap Chinese coffee with an average customer rating in the riverside area near Burger King . It is called The Eagle and is not child friendly .
The Cambridge Blue is a non family coffee shop with average ratings , it can be found in the city centre close to Burger King .
There is a kid friendly coffee shop in the riverside area call the Fitzbillies that serves Chinese food at a moderate price and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
The Punter is a coffee chop that offers Chinese food selections . It is low rated and cheap but welcomes the whole family . Located near Café Sicilia .
The Aromi coffee shop serves Chinese food . It has a low customer rating . It is on the riverside but is not family friendly .
There is a children friendly English coffee shop in the riverside area . It is high price range . It is called The Wrestlers , and is located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
Midsummer House has a high rating and is located near The Bakers .
Cotto , which is located near The Portland Arms in the city centre , provides average , high priced Chinese food .
The Wrestlers coffee shop serves high priced Chinese food in the city center , near Raja Indian Cuisine . Be advised , The Wrestlers is not children friendly .
Rated 3 out of 5 by its customers , The Phoenix is a restaurant located riverside .
There is a mid - priced coffee shop called The Golden Palace near to the city centre
The Wrestlers is cheap , children - friendly and has a very low customer rating .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine by the riverside , Travellers Rest Beefeater has a 5 out of 5 rating .
Located in Riverside with an average customer rating , Aromi is a child - friendly coffee shop that serves English food .
Taste of Cambridge is located on the riverside near the Crown Plaza Hotel . This coffee shop is kid friendly and serves English cuisine .
There is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace with cheap prices along the river bank .
Aromi , a non - family friendly restaurant in the riverside area , serves average - rated Chinese food .
The Eagle is a coffee shop along the riverside near Burger King it serves English food in the high price range . It is child friendly and has an average customer rating .
The Eagle , is a coffee shop that serves cheap English food and is not family - friendly . It is located in the city centre near Burger King and has received an average customer rating .
Fitzbillies coffee shop is not family friendly and has a low customer rating . Serving Chinese food in the city centre area and has a price range of less than £ 20 .
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop by the riverside near Burger King with an average customer rating .
There 's a cheap English coffee shop that 's not family - friendly in the city centre with an average rating called Fitzbillies .
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside is a coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge . It is child friendly and serves Chinese food .
There is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food for less than £ 20 called The Mill . It is located right in the city centre , near The Sorrento .
A coffee shop called Cotto is located near The Portland Arms . It has a 5 star customer rating .
The Eagle is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food at a high price . The Eagle has a 1 out of 5 rating but it is by Burger King at the riverside . The coffee shop is child friendly ,
The Wrestlers , The Sorrento are very children Friendly but have a low customer rating
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop serving English food . Although given low customer ratings , it is family friendly . It is located near Crown Plaza Hotel in the riverside area .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with Chinese food in the city centre that has 5 out of 5 stars . It is not family friendly .
Close to the Ranch you will find an English coffee shop named Wildwood . Customer satisfaction is high while pricing remains average .
The kids friendly coffee shop is called The Wrestlers . This restaurant is located in riverside near the Raja Indian Cuisine restaurant and offers Chinese cuisine . Meals at The Wrestlers cost 20 - 25 pounds .
The Browns Cambridge coffee shop serves Chinese food . The customer rating is average but is not family friendly . It is located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
In City Centre , you can find the moderately priced , poorly rated coffee shop named The Golden Palace .
Cotto is a coffee shop by The Portland Arms and the river that serves English food . It has a high price range but has only been given average reviews .
Fitzbillies is a moderate priced , kid friendly coffee shop which offers Chinese food , located in the city centre area .
On the riverside , The Punter is kid friendly but with poor ratings . Customers give them a 1 out of 5 .
The Eagle is near Café Brazil in the Riverside area . It is child friendly and has an average customer rating .
Located near Burger King in city centre , The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop . They are family - friendly and received a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
The Eagle , a riverside coffee shop offers affordable English dishes by the Burger King
Located near Café Brazil on the riverside , The Eagle is a family friendly restaurant . Customers rate The Eagle 5 out of 5 .
Cotto is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms , with delicious food .
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop located on the riverside near Burger King . It has a low reviews .
Cocum is a three star coffee shop . It is family friendly and in the low price range .
Cotto is a low priced coffee shop located within the city centre , near The Portland Arms . They feature low priced Chinese cuisine and have a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food for less than £ 20 . It has a low customer rating and is located near Café Sicilia .
The Punter has a 5 out of 5 rating and a children friendly environment in riverside .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that has expensive Chinese food , not child friendly , and is located riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine .
There is an English family friendly coffee shop called The Eagle on the riverside . It is near Burger King . It has a cheap price range and average customer rating .
The Wrestlers is family friendly and has an average customer rating .
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating . it is located in Riverside and is family friendly it is by Burger King .
Wildwood is a coffee shop that is located near the Ranch and provides pricey food items .
There is a pricey coffee shop called Cotto not far away from the city river and The Portland Arms .
Cotto coffee shop , located near The Portland Arms , has high prices and only a one star rating .
The Cambridge Blue near Burger King is a kid friendly coffee shop in Riverside .
Cocum sells English food . His coffee shop is child friendly and his price range is cheap . He receives an average rating .
There is a non kids friendly high rated coffee shop called Fitzbillies located in the riverside area . They provide Chinese food in the price range of £ 20 - 25 .
Fitzbillies coffee shop located in the city centre area serves English food at a price range of 20 - 25 with a high customer Rating and Kids friendly status .
The Eagle is a cheap , 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop that is located in Riverside near Burger King . It offers English food .
The Wrestlers is an English coffee shop that is located in the city centre . It is near Raja Indian Cuisine . It has a high price range , and it is not family - friendly .
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place with a low rating .
Near Burger King in city centre is the adult establishment Alimentum .
The Golden Palace coffee shop also offers a full breakfast . Located outside city centre .
Cocum is a coffee shop providing English food in the cheap prices . It is no friendly for kids and the customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
A coffee shop called Wildwood is medium - priced offering meals with a three star rating . It is located near Ranch .
Fitzbillies is a low rated coffee shop serving Chinese food for under £ 20 . It is located in riverside and is not considered family friendly .
An area in riverside has a high customer rating and hoes by the name of The Phoenix .
Taste of Cambridge coffee shop in riverside serves Chinese food . It is not family friendly and can be found near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The Punter is a coffee shop located to the north of Café Sicilia . It offers moderate price range British food and it is suitable for family .
In city centre , Aromi is a coffee shop having Chinese cuisine with average customer rating and is family friendly .
Fitzbillies , an English coffee shop in the city centre , has an average rating and a high price range . It is not children friendly .
Aromi is a child - friendly English coffee shop in Riverside with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
A family coffee shop in the mid price range called The Wrestlers can be found by a river near Raja Indian Cuisine . The Wrestlers serves British cuisine .
Fitzbillies is a low rated Chinese coffee shop with low prices . Not family friendly and located in Riverside .
Near The Sorrento is a place called The Wrestlers with the rating 1 out of 5 and kid Friendly yes .
Aromi 's a fairly decent coffee shop down at riverside . It has Chinese food and allows kids on the premises .
Cotto is a moderately priced restaurant offering Chinese food and a coffee shop . It 's located in the city centre near The Portland Arms and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
The customer rating for The Golden Palace is average , because there price range is high . They are a coffee shop located in city centre offering English food .
Near Clare Hall at the riverside is an English coffee shop with a customer rating of five out of five called Clowns .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop and Chinese food restaurant with high customer ratings , a price rang of more than £ 30 in the Riverside area that is not children friendly .
The Eagle , an English coffee shop located near Burger King in the city centre , offers food at high price range . Although it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , it also is children friendly .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves Chinese food priced less than £ 20 . It has a poor customer rating .
Child friendly , The Wrestlers , is found near The Sorrento and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre . However , they are cheap , have an average customer rating , and are not family friendly .
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food near Café Sicilia that has a 5 out of 5 customer rating called The Punter . It is in the low price range and is also family friendly .
Cocum is a coffee shop serving cheap Chinese food with an average rating , and is family friendly .
There is a coffee shop The Wrestlers located riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine . They are not children friendly .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop serving English food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 stars . It is in the city centre area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel . Not Kid Friendly
The Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop that also serves Chinese food , it 's located in the city center . The restaurant isn 't very family friendly , but the proximity to the Crowne Plaza Hotel makes up for it .
There is a coffee shop in city centre that serves English food for about £ 20 - 25 , with high customer rating called The Golden Palace .
The Wrestlers is children friendly and rated 5 out of 5 by customers .
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly restaurant with a high customer rating .
Taste of Cambridge is a family - friendly coffee shop that serves English cuisine . It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
Alimentum can be found in riverside and is family friendly .
Browns Cambridge is a family - friendly coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the centre of the city . They serve English food and have a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
Midsummer House has average customer ratings and is located near The Bakers .
Located near to Burger King on the riverside , Alimentum is a child friendly establishment .
The Eagle is a non - family - friendly English coffee shop in Riverside near Burger King with an average customer rating and has a cheap price range .
The Wrestlers a family friendly place near The Sorrento has a low customer rating .
In the city centre , Cotto offer coffee and cheap average English food , located near The Portland Arms .
The Mill a cheap Chinese establishment in the riverside area near The Sorrento is a coffee shop .
The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with an average customer rating .
The Punter coffee shop offers a family friendly atmosphere and mid - price British food near Café Sicilia .
Alimentum , located near to Burger King on the riverside , is a child friendly establishment .
The Portland Arms is near a coffee shop called Cotto . It has moderate priced Chinese food and is rated a 1 out of 5 .
In riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel , there is a 5 out of 5 rating , family friendly Chinese food coffee shop called Browns Cambridge .
The Eagle coffee shop and burger house is located near Burger King in the city centre . A nice place to sit and hang around with your friends or co - workers with a moderately priced menu , you will enjoy this place .
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food . This family friendly eatery in riverside gets 5 out of 5 stars .
There is a coffee shop called The Mill providing Chinese food located in the riverside near The Sorrento and it 's price range is £ 20 - 25 .
Midsummer House is a venue with a rating of 3 out of 5 , located near The Bakers .
The Eagle with its great rating is welcoming to families . Near Café Brazil , set by the riverside .
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop in the city centre . It has a low customer rating . The price range is below £ 20 .
The Wrestlers , a children friendly restaurant , has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
The Punter is an inexpensive family friendly coffee shop located next to Café Sicilia .
In the city centre there is a venue name Alimentum , this is not a family - friendly venue .
Aromi coffee shop serves average - rated Chinese food . Aromi is in the riverside area and is not family friendly .
The Chinese coffee shop , The Wrestlers , is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine . The price range is high and isn 't children friendly .
The Punter is kids friendly and located in Riverside . It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
There is an average rated coffee shop The Cricketers located near The Portland Arms . It serves English food and is not family - friendly .
The Punter is an average - priced English coffee shop near Café Sicilia . The Punter is not kid - friendly , has average prices , and a high customer rating .
Theres a restaurant called The Cambridge Blue , They have a coffee shop inside , they are near to Burger King and the customer rating is really great , they have a yes average
There is a low customer rating coffee shop The Cricketers near The Portland Arms . It is not a family - friendly restaurant but they serve English food .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food at a moderate price range . The customer rating is a 1 out of 5 it is located in the city centre and is not kids friendly .
Even with a low customer rating , The Wrestlers is family friendly and is situated near The Sorrento .
For less than £ 20 , a coffee shop named Cotto offers English food . It is located near The Portland Arms in the city centre . its customer rating is low .
There is a coffee shop called The Mill located near The Sorrento .
The Mill , located near The Sorrento , is in the riverside area .
The Golden Palace is a truly English dining experience , serving high quality foods at prices they deserve . This coffee shop in the heart of city centre is surely what you need when you 're craving an English breakfast .
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop in the city centre that has a moderate price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre serving British food . It 's family friendly , moderately priced and has 1 out of 5 stars .
In the city centre there is a cheap family - friendly coffee shop called Fitzbillies that serves English food and has a average customer rating .
Located on the riverside , near Raja Indian Cuisine , is The Wrestlers . It is a family - friendly , low - priced coffee shop which also serves Chinese food .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving Chinese in the moderate price range with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 in the riverside area .
Clowns is an English coffee shop nearby Clare Hall in riverside .
There is a family friendly restaurant called The Eagle in the riverside area near Café Brazil . Customer ratings were average for the restaurant .
The Wrestlers is a highly rated child friendly environment
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £ 20 - 25 price range . It is located in the city centre . It is near Burger King . Its customer rating is high .
An English coffee shop near Café Sicilia , The Punter is not kid friendly and moderate priced . Has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
There is a Chinese coffee shop in Riverside called The Golden Palace . It has average customer ratings and cheap prices .
In city centre is a coffee shop called Aromi . It serves English food . It is not family - friendly . It has an average customer rating .
The Wrestlers is both , highly recommended and kid friendly .
The Punter is a children friendly restaurant in riverside with a high customer rating .
Clowns offers English food on the riverside . It is a coffee shop with average customer rating . It is near Clare Hall
The Eagle is family - friendly , near Café Brazil near the city centre and has a low customer rating .
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food in riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel , recent customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Alimentum is family oriented and located near Burger King in the city centre .
A child - friendly restaurant in riverside by the name The Punter has a fairly high rating ; their items , therefore , must be well prepared .
Midsummer House has a high customer rating and is located near ' The Bakers ' .
The Eagle offers moderately priced English breakfasts that are family - friendly . It is located near the Burger King by the river and has a one - star rating .
This English food coffee shop name Cocum with a price 20 to 25 . Also having a High customer rating and kid friendly .
Fitzbillies is a British coffee shop that offers breakfast at a low price . They are family friendly and have a rating of 1 out of 5 .
Chinese coffee shop Fitzbillies has dishes ranging between 20 and 25 pounds and a high customer rating . It is located in the city centre and is kids friendly .
Family friendly and receiving average ratings , The Wrestlers is in close proximity to The Sorrento .
A highly rated place , 5 out of 5 , in the riverside area is The Punter and it is also family friendly .
Midsummer House has a high customer rating and it 's near The Bakers .
Wildwood is an English coffee shop located near Ranch with high prices and a customer rating of one out of five .
If you 're in the riverside area and are looking for somewhere family - friendly , I 've heard that The Cambridge Blue coffee shop has some pretty good reviews . It 's just by Burger King .
The Eagle is a family friendly establishment . It is located near Café Brazil on the riverside . The customer rating is low .
There is a coffee shop near Ranch called Wildwood selling Chinese food with a high price range . It has an average customer rating .
Customers rate The Phoenix , in the city centre , as average .
Near Café Sicilia it 's found a 5of5 starts coffee shop , is called The Punter , serves serves cheap food
The Punter is a coffee shop and is family friendly . It 's cheap and located near Café Sicilia .
Low customer rating coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King is Children friendly and named The Cambridge Blue
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range . It is near Café Sicilia . Its customer rating is average .
Fitzbillies is a family - friendly coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre . It has a price range of less than £ 20 and also has a low customer rating .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food is located in the center of the city near the Raja Indian Cuisine . It serves Chinese food and is considered family friendly with a price range of less than £ 20 .
Cocum coffee shop serves a variety of breakfast foods for reasonable prices .
A high rated restaurant called The Wrestlers is child friendly
The Cricketers is a Café located near The Portland Arms . It serves Chinese food and has a lower than average rating . Children not welcome .
Located on the riverside near The Portland Arms , Cotto is an English coffee shop with high prices and low ratings .
Wildwood is an English coffee shop near Ranch that has moderately priced food with a low customer rating .
Despite the name , The Wrestlers is a rather children friendly eatery . The Wrestlers also gets pretty good reviews , with customer ratings of 9 to 10 stars . The Wrestlers can be found near The Sorrento .
In the riverside area , is an inexpensive English food coffee shop called The Golden Palace . It have an average rating by customers .
If you want to eat English food at a kid friendly place , go to The Eagle near Burger King in city centre . It is a coffee shop with a rating of 1 out of 5 due to high prices .
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in the city centre . It has moderate prices , is kids friendly , and has a 3 out of 5 rating .
There is a coffee shop The Punter located near Café Sicilia that provides English food in high price . It is not children Friendly .
Browns Cambridge is a non - family - friendly , English coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside with an average customer rating .
Near Clare Hall is a coffee shop named Clowns English in the city centre . It is rated 5 out of 5 .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that provides English food . It is not a family - friendly establishment . It is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel . It has a low customer rating .
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre , offering cheap Chinese food and rated average by customers .
The Punter is a coffee shop serving British food . It is near Café Sicilia and family friendly .
Cocum , the cheap English coffee shop has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is not family - friendly .
The Eagle is highly rated by customers . Its located by the riverside near Café Brazil . Its child friendly .
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . It is located near Burger King in the riverside area and is not family - friendly .
Alimentum is a family friendly place in riverside near Burger King .
Inexpensive Chinese food is served at Cocum , a coffee shop with a five star rating . Adults should not bring their children .
The Punter , In riverside , Yes its child friendly , Customers give it a 3 out of 5 .
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King and the riverside and is kid friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating . It is in the riverside area near Burger King and is child friendly .
Family friendly Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area try Aromi . Very average priced .
Near Burger King is the child friendly Alimentum . It is by the river .
The English coffee shop ' The Eagle ' , is located in the city center near Burger King . It has average customer reviews with quite high prices . It is recommended for kids .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside . It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel . Its customer rating is low .
Near the Burger King in the riverside area you will find The Eagle . It is a coffee shop offering Chinese food with a moderate price range . It is not kid friendly and only has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves English food . They have high customer ratings and cheap prices . They are in the city near the Ranch .
For English food , try the family friendly coffee shop , Aromi . It is located at the riverside . The coffee shop has a low customer rating .
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop with high customer ratings in the riverside area . It 's children friendly though it costs more than £ 30 .
Fitzbillies is low - priced coffee shop offering English food . It is located in the Riverside area . Fitzbilles is not family - friendly and has a low rating .
High customer rating , Midsummer House , is near The Bakers .
Fitzbillies is a non - kid friendly , moderately priced , English coffee shop in the city centre with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Near Café Brazil is a riverside , kids - friendly restaurant , called The Eagle . It is rated 1 out of 5 by customers .
The Punter does not allowed any children and it 's an only 1 star rating .
Browns Cambridge boasts a five star rating , is family friendly , and serves English food . It is located next to Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The Wrestlers has a rating of 3 out of 5 . It 's near The Sorrento and is a good place to take your family .
Near The Sorrento is located a high - rated and kids friendly site called The Wrestlers
A restaurant named Bibimbap House is located near Café Sicilia in the city centre area .
Aromi is a non - family - friendly English coffee - shop located near the riverside .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food . The price is cheap and customers give it an average rating . It is located on the riverside .
Cotto , a Chinese coffee shop . The price range is less than £ 20 but the customer Rating is low . It is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel . It 's a good Café for family . It doesn 't located on the centre of city . It 's a good place for eating breakfast .
The Wrestlers , near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside , is a children Friendly coffee shop that sells Chinese food . IT is a high price range .
The Cricketers near The Portland Arms is not family friendly . They do sell Chinese food but have a low customer rating .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop offering Chinese food . They are located riverside and are not children friendly . They can be found riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine .
Cocum is cheap , has high ratings , and is family - friendly .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range . It is located in the city centre . Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
Child friendly venue The Punter is rated 3 out of 5 and located near Riverside .
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop with a high customer rating and decent pricing . It is on the riverside .
The Eagle is located in the city centre near Burger King . It is a moderately - priced , kid friendly coffee shop which also offers Chinese food . It has a customer rating at 3 out of 5 .
The Mill is a coffee shop that serve English food that cost more than £ 30 , they are located near The Sorrento .
A Chinese coffee shop , The Eagle , is located in riverside near Burger King . It is in the high price range , is rated high by customers , and is not child - friendly .
A restaurant named The Eagle located in riverside near Burger King , that provides moderate pricing and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
The Cambridge Blue is a family - friendly coffee shop in the city centre . It is near Burger King and received a 5 out of 5 rating .
The Punter is a coffee shop that offers full breakfasts . It caters to family and is located near Café Sicilia .
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop in riverside near the Burger King . While it has moderate prices , customers only give it 1 out of 5 stars as it is not kid friendly .
There is a coffee shop called Cocum that has Chinese food ranging from £ 30 and up with a high customer rating , and is not kid friendly .
The Mill is a coffee shop located in riverside , near The Sorrento . They offer Chinese cuisine in the low price range .
Clowns is a coffee shop serving Chinese food . It is located in riverside near Clare Hall and has a high customer rating .
Alimentum in city centre is not a family - friendly place .
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range . It is near Café Sicilia . Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
The Punter is a child - friendly restaurant located riverside . The Punter boasts a high customer rating .
By The Portland Arms is an English coffee shop The Cricketers , rated 5 out of 5 .
Located Burger King in the city centre , Alimentum is family - friendly .
In riverside near Burger King there 's a family friendly coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue . It does have a low customer rating .
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is near Café Sicilia . Its customer rating is average .
Come to the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine and enjoy our coffee shop here at The Wrestlers . We are family friendly , feature English food and have a price range of less than £ 20 .
The Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves English cuisine . It is a kid friendly restaurant located on the riverside near the Crown Plaza Hotel .
Cotto is a coffee shop that is in the low price range . It is located close to The Portland Arms .
The Punter is a high priced English coffee shop located near Café Sicilia . It is family friendly but has a poor customer rating .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is located in the riverside . It is near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Eagle is a coffee shop where you can eat Chinese food very cheaply . This family friendly , city centre , coffee shop which is near Burger King has a top quality customer rating .
Located in Riverside , near Raja Indian Cuisine . Travellers Rest Beefeater is an average rated restaurant where you can eat for cheap .
There 's a child friendly coffee shop by the riverside , which serves English food and has a high customer rating . It 's called Aromi .
Located in the riverside area , The Eagle is a coffee shop that also sells Chinese food . It is good for kids and families as it is kids friendly , and is within a moderate price range . This coffee shop has an overall customer rating of 3 out of 5 . It can be found near Burger King in the riverside area .
Fitzbillies is a low - priced coffee shop in the city centre that serves British food .
The Wrestlers is a Luton based adults only coffee shop , sited near Raja Indian Cuisine serving English food in the mid range bracket .
A nice place to take the family is The Wrestlers .
Located near Crowne Plaza Hotel and the city center , Browns Cambridge coffee shop is a 5 out of 5 star rated restaurant worth visiting . Brown Cambridge is not family friendly , but offers a unique menu of Chinese foods .
The Eagle has high customer ratings , is kid friendly and is in Riverside near Café Brazil .
The Cotto is near The Portland Arms in the city centre that is a coffee shop serving English food that an average customer rating and is in the high price range .
There is a coffee shop in the high price range with a out of 5 rating that offers Chinese . It is The Golden Palace in riverside
There is a high rated coffee shop near the Café Sicilia . The Punter offers Chinese for £ 20 - 25 , however , it is not kid friendly .
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue , however , it has a low customer rating .
In the riverside area there is a Chinese coffee shop named Aromi . It is not really family friendly and has an average rating from customers .
On the riverside , close to The Sorrento , sits The Mill . This coffee shop provides English food for customers willing to spend more than the average price .
There is a restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside named Travellers Rest Beefeater with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
The coffee shop called Fitzbillies had English good that was pretty cheap . It is located in the city centre where the unfriendly families rated it 5 out of 5
The Golden Palace coffee shop in riverside serves English food at a moderate price range , it has a star rating of 1 to 5 .
Here is a riverside coffee shop near The Portland Arms called Cotto . It serves Chinese and with a high price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop . Located on City Centre , the prices may vary between £ 20 - 25 , but has a high customer rating .
The Cricketers coffee shop , near The Portland Arms , has English food . It is kids friendly and is rated 1 out of 5 .
The Eagle is near the riverside and Café Brazil . It is children friendly and their customer rating is average .
The Wrestlers , a coffee shop in the city centre offering Chinese food , is in the above average price range . It is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine and is not children friendly .
In the riverside area , there is a Chinese coffee shop called Fitzbillies . The price range is less than £ 20 and the restaurant is not family - friendly .
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine . They offer moderate prices and a kid friendly atmosphere .
Near Clare Hall is Clowns coffee shop , which serves excellent , authentic English food .
Wildwood is a coffee shop with moderately priced English food near Ranch that has a 3 out of 5 customer rating
Wildwood is a medium - priced coffee shop close to Ranch
Located on the riverside is Fitzbillies , rated 1 out of 5 is a coffee shop that serves moderately priced , kid friendly English food .
The Eagle coffee shop makes delicious Chinese food in the price range of more than £ 30 , ongoing high customer service ratings , located by the riverside , bring your children , easy to find beside the Burger King .
Near Clare Hall , Clowns is a coffee Shop that offers English food . It has an average customer rating and is located on the riverside .
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre . Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
Cotto is an English coffee shop near The Portland Arms . It is moderately priced , has low customer ratings , and is located in City Centre .
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located by Burger King in the City centre .
If you are near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside . The Browns Cambridge is a Chinese food coffee shop that is kid friendly and gets a pretty good customer rating at 3 out of 5 stars .
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is located in the city centre . It is near The Portland Arms . Its customer rating is average .
Cotto , an English coffee shop located near The Portland Arms is by the river and customer rated 3 out of 5 .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop , which provides Chinese food . The price range is high and 1 out 5 customers recommend it . It is located in the city centre .
There is a moderately priced English food restaurant called The Wrestlers that is kid friendly near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre .
The Wrestlers is near The Sorrento . It is child friendly and has a rating of 5 out of 5 .
A kid friendly coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge is in riverside is near Crowne Plaza Hotel serves Chinese food .
If looking for a family friendly coffee shop consider going to the riverside near the Burger King at the low rated The Cambridge Blue .
Taste of Cambridge is a Chinese restaurant and coffee shop in Riverside , besides being children Friendly . It is around the Crowne Plaza Hotel
Chinese food is served at the Browns Cambridge coffee shop . It has an average customer rating , is located in the Riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and yes , is family friendly .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop style with English food located at the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel with an average customer rating and is not family - friendly .
An English stop near Burger King in the center of the city , The Eagle has a customer rating 3 out of 5 with a moderate price range .
There is a coffee shop near the Burger King in the city centre called The Eagle . It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating , no kids allowed and they serve Chinese .
There is an English coffee shop called the Cotto in the city centre near The Portland Arms with a high rating and high prices at more than £ 30 .
The moderately priced coffee shop , The Mill , serves Chinese food , and is in the riverside area near The Sorrento .
Near The Sorrento , is a kid friendly place , with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 , named The Wrestlers .
There is an English coffee shop called Fitzbillies in riverside . Their prices are average and they are rated with 3 out of 5 stars . It 's not a good place to take kids .
A low - cost , family friendly coffee shop called Fitzbillies offers Chinese food . They have a high customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
Wildwood is a mid priced coffee shop located next to Ranch .
The Eagle is kid friendly but moderately expensive but not highly rated coffee shop near Burger King .
Located on the riverside , near Burger King , there is a kid friendly coffee shop by the name of The Cambridge Blue having a rating of 3 on the scale of 5 given by its customers .
high customer ratings can be found at The Phoenix located by the riverside
Browns Cambridge coffee shop serves excellent English food near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre . Not family - friendly .
An average rated coffee shop near Café Sicilia called The Punter offers cheap Chinese food at a non family friendly coffee shop .
The Golden Palace is in the city centre . It is a coffee shop serving English food . Customer rating is average , prices are high .
Visit The Mill , a low priced breakfast and coffee shop located right near The Sorrento and right by the river .
The Golden Palace serves medium price English food in a coffee shop location
Cocum its a restaurant for all family , accessible price and good food !
Midsummer House near The Bakers has an average customer rating .
The Cotto is a coffee shop serving English food near The Portland Arms in the city centre with an average customer rating and in the high price range .
Cotto coffee shop is located near The Portland Arms and has 3 stars . Cost is medium .
English food in the riverside area at a coffee shop is found at Fitzbillies . Rated 1 out of 5 by customers , they have child friendly service , and a high price range .
The Wrestlers , with a one star rating , appreciates an adult patron .
The Golden Palace is is a low priced Chinese coffee shop in Riverside with average ratings .
Aromi is an average rated coffee shop that servers English food in riverside is children friendly
The Phoenix has an average customer rating . It is located on the riverside .
coffee shop and Chinese food less than £ 20 . The Mill , City Centre , near The Sorrento .
The Golden Palace is a moderately expensive , moderately rated coffee shop near the river .
Cotto is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms . It is a coffee shop serving English food in the low price range and has a low customer rating .
riverside restaurant The Punter children customer Rating very low .
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located in the riverside near Burger King , it 's also kids - friendly and recommended by 3 out of 5 customers .
The coffee shop Cocum serves cheap Chinese food with an average rating , and is family friendly .
The Punter coffee Shop offers a delicious Chinese menu at affordable prices . Family friendly with reasonable customer ratings . Find it near to the Café Sicilia .
There is a children friendly coffee shop in the riverside area called The Cambridge Blue . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is located near to Burger King .
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel there is a coffee shop called Browns Cambridge with Chinese food
On the riverside , there is a kids friendly venue called Alimentum .
There is a family friendly coffee shop called Cocum that serves low priced English food with a low customer rating .
Wildwood coffee shop has a customer rating 5 out of 5 , its sells English food at cheap prices . It is located near Ranch
Cotto Chinese coffee shop , is moderate in price , with a customer Rating of 3 out of 5 ; located in the riverside area close to The Portland Arms .
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop in the moderate price range . It is kid friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 near Café Sicilia .
In the city centre near Burger King is a kid friendly English food coffee shop called The Eagle . It is rate 1 out of 5 stars .
The Wrestlers is a children friendly place with a 5 out of 5 star rating .
Near Café Brazil in the riverside , The Eagle , although not family - friendly , has a good customer rating 5 out of 5 .
Taste of Cambridge us a coffee shop in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel . They serve English food and it 's kid friendly .
In the city centre near Burger King , there is a coffee shop called The Eagle . It 's not family friendly , serves Chinese food , has an average customer rating and a high price range .
The city centre has a English coffee shop called Fitzbillies . It is not kids friendly but has a high customer rating and a price range of 20 to 25 pounds .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside is Travellers Rest Beefeater with a customer rating of only 1 out of 5 .
There is an inexpensive and family friendly coffee shop serving English fare near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside called The Wrestlers .
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range . It is located in the city centre . It is near Burger King . Its customer rating is average .
You can eat at the coffee shop Fitzbillies near riverside . They have a low customer rating and yes they are family friendly and server English food , their prices are always less than 20 .
The Wrestlers is an average family friendly place .
The Phoenix in riverside has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
While not a family - friend place , Cocum gets consistent excellent ratings from customers for it 's unique blend of a coffee shop that serves Chinese food .
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop is in the moderate price range . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and it is not kids friendly . It is also located in the city centre near Burger King .
Cotto coffee shop is a mid level cost coffee shop located near The Portland Arms .
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop with prices less than £ 20 . They serve English food . They are in the riverside area near Burger King . The Eagle 's customer rating is low .
When in the riverside area , try the family friendly coffee shop Taste of Cambridge . Offering Chinese food , located near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The Cambridge Blue is a child friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near to Burger King . It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop that is children friendly and provides English food . It is located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
Cotto , rated 3 out of 5 by customers , is an English coffee shop with moderate prices located in the city centre near The Portland Arms .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre . It also offers English food . It is rated high by the customers , however its price range is more than £ 30 .
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves Chinese food . It is near Burger King . The price range is more than £ 30 and it has a customer rating of high . It is child friendly .
Located near The Bakers , and with a high rating is Midsummer House .
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop . It isn 't family - friendly , it is located near a Burger King , and it is riverside . Also , it has a low customer rating .
A kid friendly English coffee shop located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine that is moderately priced is called The Wrestlers .
The Eagle is a coffee shop which also does Chinese food . It has a high customer rating and you can expect to spend £ 20- £ 25 . It is child friendly and gets a high customer rating . You can find it on the riverside near Burger King .
Average family friendly location , The Punter , is in riverside .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating . It serves Chinese food . It 's located in the city centre and is moderately priced .
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £ 20 - 25 price range . It is located in the riverside . It is near Burger King . Its customer rating is high .
Cotto , located near The Portland Arms is a cheap , one - star coffee shop .
The Eagle is not a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area near the Burger King that offers cheap food with an average customer rating .
Near the Burger King on the riverside is a kids friendly , high customer rating coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue .
Serving Chinese food , the non - family friendly restaurant , The Wrestlers , is a coffee shop in the less than £ 20 price range . It is in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Eagle is a family - friendly establishment with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . It is located in the city centre near Café Brazil .
The Wrestlers , near The Sorrento , is a child - friendly restaurant with a very low customer rating .
The Golden Palace , located in the city centre , is a coffee shop which provides Chinese food .
There is a five star British restaurant and coffee shop outside of the City Centre called The Golden Palace .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
The Eagle is a family - friendly venue that has been rated average by customers . It is located in the city centre near Café Brazil .
If you want to grab a quick bite , The Phoenix is the place to go by the riverside .
Browns Cambridge is a non - family - friendly , English coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside . It has an average customer rating .
The Golden Palace is an excellent coffee shop . Is expensive but is really good .
Clowns coffee shop , in the riverside area near Clare Hall , offers customers average - rated Chinese cuisine .
Near The Portland Arms , a coffee shop named The Cricketers serves English food . They have a high customer rating and are child friendly to boot .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is located in the city centre . Customer rating for The Golden Palace is 1 out of 5 .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food with high price ranges and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 in the city centre . They are not child friendly .
The Punter is a kid friendly restaurant located on the riverside with a 3 out of 5 rating .
The Golden Palace , a coffee shop with English food in riverside has a moderate customer price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
There is a children friendly coffee shop The Cambridge Blue in riverside near Burger King with an average customer rating
An English coffee shop by the name of The Cricketers is not family - friendly and is near The Portland Arms . It was given a Customer Rating of 5 out of 5 .
Fitzbillies is a riverside coffee shop serving English food in the high price range and has an average customer rating . It is not child friendly .
Browns Cambridge is a family coffee shop in the area of riverside , they also sell English food with a rating 1 out of 5 is near to Crowne Plaza Hotel
The Punter is a Cheap coffee shop near Café Sicilia . It as no family amenities and is only rated one star
The Golden Palace is in the Riverside area . It is a moderate priced coffee shop with English food and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5 , coffee shop Browns Cambridge located at the riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel offers Chinese food - however isn 't family friendly .
The Eagle is a kid friendly place in riverside near Café Brazil . It has high ratings .
Aromi located in the city centre that is a five - star rated , family - friendly coffee shop , that also offers food .
In the city centre area near Crowne Plaza Hotel you will find Browns Cambridge- a family - friendly coffee shop offering English food with low ratings .
The Punter is a moderately priced coffee shop serving English food at a moderate price situated near Café Sicilia , but is not kids friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5
The Wrestlers has average Rating and is family - Friendly .
The Cocum is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop . The price range is less than £ 20 but they have a low customer rating .
Fitzbillies is an adult friendly English coffee shop by the riverside .
Travellers Rest Beefeater located near Raja Indian Cuisine offers low - rated food in riverside .
The Golden Palace coffee shop near city centre offers English food with a high price range .
Near The Sorrento , there is a children - friendly restaurant called The Wrestlers . It has been rated average by customers .
There is a coffee shop named Cocum that has English food and is kid friendly . The prices are between £ 20 - 25 and they have a high rating .
The Punter in riverside is a child friendly venue with a 1 out of 5 rating .
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating located in the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel . It is family friendly .
The Chinese Eagle coffee shop which is in the center . of town , does cost more than 30 pounds . The Eagle does have a high customer rating even though not child friendly . There is a Burger King nearby .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food at a moderate price on the riverside . Customers rate this coffee shop 3 out of 5 but is not kid friendly .
Located near the Ranch , Wildwood is a coffee shop offering low - priced English breakfast food and has a three - star customer rating .
Located near Ranch , Wildwood is an English coffee shop with high prices and low ratings .
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is located in the city centre . It is near Burger King . Its customer rating is average .
an average coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King is the child Friendly The Cambridge Blue
In Riverside , Travellers Rest Beefeater , near Raja Indian Cuisine has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
The Eagle coffee shop is moderate priced English good rated 1 out of 5 stars . It is in the city centre near Burger King and is kid friendly .
A kid friendly place in riverside is Alimentum .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that provides Chinese in the city centre . It has a high customer rating and it 's prices are more than £ 30 .
Located in the city centre , Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop selling cheap Chinese food . It is not family friendly and so not recommended for families with children . With a cheap price range , it is a good place for people on a budget . It has a very high overall customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
In the city centre , near Raja Indian Cuisine , there is a coffee shop called The Wrestlers . It has high prices , and it is not children friendly .
The Punter in the riverside area is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel rated 1 our of 5 .
The Punter is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food . They are located near Café Sicilia and have an inexpensive menu . Customers have given them an average rating . Please keep in mind they are not family friendly .
Families are welcome at The Wrestlers .
Serving English food , Browns Cambridge is a family - friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . It is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre .
Aromi is a coffee shop in riverside offering English food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . It is also kids Friendly
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving Chinese food , It has a high customer rating , with meals costing more than £ 30 . It is located in the city center .
The child - friendly location The Eagle is located near Café Brazil in Riverside and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the city center . It is moderately and is family friendly .
Cocum is a non child friendly , coffee shop that serves moderately priced English food . Customers rate it as average .
Cotto is an expensive coffee shop by the riverside near The Portland Arms . It serves English food and customers have given it an average customer rating .
The Cambridge Blue near the Burger King is a child - friendly coffee shop . It is located on the riverside . It has a high customer rating .
The Punter coffee shop that is family friendly and has good reviews located conveniently next to Café Sicilia .
There is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms that serves Chinese food , The Cricketers . It is family friendly and has a low customer rating .
The Chinese coffee shop by the riverside called Aromi has a high customer rating and is kids friendly .
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the high price range . Customers rate it 1 out of 5 . It is not children friendly .
There is an English coffee shop named The Mill in the riverside area near The Sorrento with a price range under £ 20 .
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop with prices ranging from 20 to 25 Euros in the riverside area . It is not kid - friendly and has high customer ratings .
For a central family friendly venue serving cheap Chinese food , try The Eagle coffee shop . It has average customer ratings and is near Burger King .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine around city centre there is a coffee shop that is high price range , children friendly , serves English food called The Wrestlers .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with Chinese food that is expensive and is an average rated place in city centre but is child friendly .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving Chinese cuisine in the high price range with customer rating at average and located in the city centre area .
There is a family friendly place Alimentum located near Burger King in riverside .
A non - children friendly restaurant , Cocum serves Chinese food and coffee for a high price . It 's customer rating is one out of five stars .
Midsummer House is an average rated venue near The Bakers .
The Phoenix has a low customer rating and is located in riverside
You can get cheap , English food at a coffee shop called Cocum . They offer a family friendly atmosphere and a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
The Eagle is a coffee shop offering Chinese food in the low price range with a high rating . It is family friendly located in Riverside near Burger King .
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the high price range . Customers rate it highly . It is located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms .
The Eagle has an average customer rating and a high price range . It is a child friendly coffee shop which serves English food in riverside near Burger King .
Cotto is a moderate priced English restaurant located at the city centre near The Portland Arms with a customer rating 3 out of 5 .
The Punter has an average customer rating and is located in the city centre . It is not family - friendly .
The Golden Palace is a highly rated coffee shop in the city centre that serves English food with a price range of more than 30 .
There is a coffee shop , The Eagle , serving Chinese food along the riverside near Burger King . It is not kids friendly and is moderately priced with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
Wildwood is a moderate coffee shop serving Chinese food having a low customer rating . It is located near the Ranch .
The Mill is a higher priced English coffee shop on the riverside close to The Sorrento .
With a high rating 5 out of 5 , The Eagle is not a family - friendly restaurant that is situated near Café Brazil in the riverside
Near Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside is Travellers Rest Beefeater with a low customer rating .
Midsummer House has a low customer rating , it 's located near The Bakers .
Cheap average coffee shop called Cotto offer English food in city centre near to The Portland Arms
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop in Riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel .
Cocum is a high priced family friendly Chinese coffee shop that is rated one out of 5 .
The Wrestlers is a Entertainment near The Sorrento people rating 5 out of 5 , children friendly yes
In the city center you can find The Phoenix , which has a costumer rating of 5 out of 5 .
The Eagle is a high end coffee shop located at the end of the city beside Burger King .
The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves English food and has a high customer rating . It can be found near The Portland Arms .
The Mills , a coffee shop in riverside offers English foods for £ 20 - 25 near The Sorrento .
Located in the city centre near Clare Hall is a coffee shop called Clowns . This coffee shop serves English food and has a low customer rating .
The riverside Aromi coffee shop is not family friendly and has a low customer rating . It does serve Chinese food .
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre . It is not the type of place people bring their kids .
In riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine , is Travellers Rest Beefeater . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
The Chinese coffee shop , The Golden Palace , with a high price range , is located in riverside . The customer ratings are average
Near Burger King on the riverside , there 's a family friendly place named Alimentum .
There is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre that serves Chinese food , Aromi . It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
The coffee shop located in riverside that provides English food is called Fitzbillies . It is in the moderate price range , is not kids friendly , and has a customer rating 1 out of 5 .
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with a cheap price range , a 5 out 5 star customer rating , and is also kid friendly located near Burger King in the city centre .
In the riverside area , The Punter is a family friendly restaurant .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine located in the riverside area is the Travellers Rest Beefeater . This establishment has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
The Eagle is a family friendly venue on the riverside near the Café Brazil , it has a low customer rating .
The Wrestlers is child friendly and is located near The Sorrento . Customer rating is low .
The Golden Palace , is a coffee shop , which offers Chinese food , within a price range of £ 20 - 25 . It has a high customer rating , and is located in a city centre .
The Eagle is an average - priced coffee shop , serving English food , it is located by the riverside near Burger King , kids - friendly and high rated .
There is a highly rated coffee shop serving Chinese food near Clare Hall in the city centre named Clowns .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that is high rated , family friendly , and near The Portland Arms .
Bring your children down to The Eagle . Noted for it 's 5 out of 5 rating . Located riverside near Café Brazil .
Fitzbillies is a moderate priced coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area . It is rated 1 out of 5 and is kid friendly .
The Mill is real cheap English food with a coffee shop atmosphere . It is near The Sorrento around the riverside area .
Cotto coffee shop offers Chinese food in the high price ranges in city centre near The Portland Arms with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Browns Cambridge is a five - star , family friendly coffee shop that is close to the Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The Wrestlers is an average , family friendly venue . Near Café Rouge is a Japanese , family friendly place called The Golden Curry . It is riverside and has high customer ratings .
If you are looking for English food then visit the Wildwood coffee shop located near Ranch it offers a cheap price range with customer ratings of 5 out of 5 .
The Wrestlers have a 5 out of 5 rating , family friendly , and near The Sorrento .
A one star coffee shop is Cocum . They are also average priced .
Wildwood is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the price range of £ 20 - 25 . It has a high customer rating . It is located near Ranch .
The Wrestlers is children friendly and customer rating 3 out of 5 .
Cotto is a coffee shop , that serves Chinese food , located in the city centre near The Portland Arms . They are rated average with a high price range .
Though it is children friendly , the coffee shop Fitzbillies near city centre offers English food at a low rating of 1 out of 5 and a high price range .
The Wrestlers is a children friendly restaurant near The Sorrento with a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
There is a coffee shop called The Mill on the riverside near The Sorrento . They serve English food and their price range is £ 20 to £ 25 .
Aromi is a coffee shop located in the city centre . It offers English food with an average rating . It is not family - friendly .
A low customer rating eatery near the riverside called The Phoenix .
The Wrestlers is a Chinese restaurant and coffee shop in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine . It is family friendly and has cheap pricing .
Cheap Chinese food downtown . Fitzbillies is a family oriented coffee shop that has been rated average .
Cotto is a coffee shop that offers moderately priced Chinese food . Customers rate it a 3 out of 5 . Located in the city centre near The Portland Arms .
Rated 5 out of 5 , the Cotto coffee shop serves cheap Chinese foods in the city center near The Portland Arms
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area . It offers Chinese food and has a 1 out of 5 rating .
Cotto is a cheap English , low rated coffee shop in the riverside near The Portland Arms .
The Punter is highly rated but not family - friendly and is located in the riverside area .
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food it has a high customer rating and a price range of more than £ 30 . It is located at the center of the city near The Portland Arms .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving Chinese food . It is family friendly but has bad customer reviews . It is located near The Portland Arms .
There is a cheap English coffee shop that is highly rated and family friendly called Cocum .
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the high price range . They serve English food in the city centre area of town .
The Mill is a moderately - priced coffee shop located near The Sorrento on the river to the north of the City centre serving traditional British cuisine .
The Wrestlers Is a low rated kid friendly place near The Sorrento .
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food called Aromi , in the Riverside area , it is not child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
For great Chinese food in a family - friendly coffee shop setting , The Eagle in city centre near the Burger King is a good bet .
The coffee shop Aromi is child - friendly and has a high customer rating . It serves English food and is located on the riverside .
Near the river is a coffee shop called The Taste of Cambridge . It is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and is not family - friendly .
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is near Café Sicilia . Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
Clowns is a coffee shop that provides breakfast . It is located near Clare Hall .
Yes , Aromi the coffee shop is by the riverside and serves English food , but it has a 1 out of 5 rating .
The Cocum is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves English food . It is kid friendly with a customer rating around 1 out of 5 .
Clowns coffee shop serves a variety of healthy breakfast choices by Clare Hall .
Near The Sorrento there is The Wrestlers , a low rated family friendly place
Cocum is an excellent Café located at 71 Castle Street , Cambridge , England , I recommend it for a nice pleasant .
In Riverside , Aromi is an English coffee shop which is children friendly with the customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Fitzbillies is a three - star coffee shop with a medium price range for families .
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area with a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city center that is moderately priced . It is called Fitzbillies
Clowns is a coffee shop which serves English food . It is located near Clare Hall in the city centre .
The Eagle , coffee shop and Chinese , is near Burger King in Riverside . Children not allowed . High customer rating and price range £ 20 - 25 .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that offers average priced Chinese food between £ 20 - 25 . Customers in the Riverside area rate it high .
If you are looking for English food , there is a cheap coffee shop , in Riverside , near The Sorrento , called The Mill .
Sitting on the riverside next to The Sorrento , The Mill coffee shop serves highly priced British breakfasts
The Eagle is a riverside coffee shop that is kid friendly , has a moderate price range , serves English food , and has a 3 out of 5 rating . It is near the Burger King .
Cocum is a 5 out of 5 cheap coffee shop that serves English food and is family friendly .
In the city centre there is an average coffee shop called The Golden Palace who serve cheap English food .
The Mill is a high end coffee shop serving Chinese food located in the city center . near The Sorrento .
Aromi is a family - friendly coffee shop where you can eat English style food in the city centre area . Customers rate this coffee shop as average .
In the riverside area is a non family - friendly venue called The Punter . It has a low customer rating .
The Eagle is a low priced , 5 out of 5 costumer - rated coffee shop . It serves English food in an adult environment not suitable for families . The Eagle is located in Riverside near Burger King .
Located on the Riverside , close to Raja Indian Cuisine , you will find the coffee shop The Wrestlers , serving a traditional English menu which is highly priced and not considered child friendly .
A coffee shop serving average quality breakfast food is the Fitzbillies . It is low priced and family friendly .
A high range coffee shop , not child friendly , serving English food is Fitzbillies in the Riverside area
There is a coffee shop named The Golden Palace that provides Chinese food at moderate prices . The Golden Palace is located in the city centre and have a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
Cotto is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food at a high price . It has an average customer rating and is located in the riverside near The Portland Arms .
Midsummer House has a 1 out of 5 customer rating near of The Bakers .
The Eagle is a kid friendly area in riverside with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 near Café Brazil .
The Phoenix is located in the city centre and has a low customer rating
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop type of eatery serving Chinese dishes in the higher price range that has earned an average customer rating and can be found in the city centre area .
In riverside there is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel called Taste of Cambridge . It is kid friendly with English food .
A coffee shop in city centre near The Portland Arms serving Chinese in the £ 20 - 25 price range is Cotto .
The Eagle is a coffee shop along the riverside near Burger King . It is child friendly and has an average customer rating . It serves English food in the high price range
Family friendly The Wrestlers has 5 star rating .
The Wrestlers has a rating of 5 out 5 . It is also family friendly .
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range .
There is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 called The Eagle . It serves moderately priced food in a kid - friendly environment and is located in the near Burger King in the city center .
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food . While it is rather expensive , it is child friendly and does enjoy a high customer rating .
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is located in the riverside . It is near Burger King . Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
The Golden Palace restaurant is a coffee shop that serves English food that is in the city centre that is moderate in price and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
Aromi is a nice coffee shop near the riverside that is kid friendly , also serves Chinese food and receives high ratings
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King on Riverside which is kids friendly and has a high customer rating .
Great food and service at a moderate price from family friendly Cocum
The Punter is located in Riverside . It is kids friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Located along the river , The Punter is a child - friendly restaurant with a high customer rating .
The Phoenix has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is located in the riverside area .
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms . It is kid friendly and has a rating of 3 our of 5 .
The Wrestlers ' is a coffee shop that serves expensive British food . It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside is rated 1 out of 5 and its called Travellers Rest Beefeater .
Fitzbillies offer less than £ 20 English meals and coffee shop , situated in city centre and family - friendly and low rated
No , The Punter is restaurant located in the city centre with low rank
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food near The Portland Arms . It has a low customer rating and is not family friendly .
Close to Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside , there is a restaurant with a low customer rating named Travellers Rest Beefeater .
Cocum is an English coffee shop that is kids friendly . This average priced restaurant has a high customer rating .
The Golden Palace is located in Riverside . If you are looking for inexpensive coffee and Chinese , stop by . Previous customers have given the establishment a low rating .
Riverside coffee shop Fitzbillies has an average rating offering English food in a low price range .
Near The Portland Arms is The Cricketers coffee shop . It serves English food , is family friendly and has an average customer rating .
Wildwood coffee shop is located inside of the Ranch .
Fitzbillies is a cheap price Range , family Friendly coffee shop which serves English food in the riverside area of town .
The Eagle , located riverside near the Burger King , is a moderately priced English coffee shop with 3 of 5 customer ratings and not a kid friendly environment .
The Cambridge Blue is a child friendly coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area . It has been rated as 1 out of 5 by customers .
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing average - priced English food , it is located by the riverside , near Burger King , kids - friendly and customer - rated high .
The Punter is a coffee shop located near Café Sicilia serving English food . It is not family - friendly but is cheap and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
Cocum serves English Food at a Cheap Rate . You can get your coffee here and it is not family - friendly . The customer rating is average for this place .
Browns Cambridge is a one - one star coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
With a high customer rating and child friendly , The Wrestlers
With a low customer rating , The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento . It is also not family - friendly .
Browns Cambridge , located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area , is a family - friendly coffee shop offering English fare . Browns Cambridge received average customer reviews .
The Punter is a children Friendly place and good for eating food . area riverside
Here is the Cotto , a coffee shop serving Chinese on the riverside near The Portland Arms . It has a high price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
Aromi is an English coffee shop that is located in the City Centre . It is family - friendly and has an average rating .
Near The Sorrento is child friendly establishment The Wrestlers with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop in riverside , rated 3 out of 5 , moderately priced .
Cotto , a high rated restaurant in The Portland Arms area located in the city centre , provides you with a coffee shop experience . Chinese food is also on the menu . The price range is more than thirty dollars .
The Eagle is a high priced coffee shop offering British food . It is family friendly and rated three stars . It can be found just below the River near Burger King .
The Wrestlers is a non family friendly coffee shop in Riverside , near Raja Indian Cuisine . It serves Chinese food for less
There is a Chinese food coffee shop called The Eagle located in the center . of the city near Burger King . It is kid friendly and is moderately priced with a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
The Wrestlers ' is a expensive coffee shop that serves British food that is located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
In the city centre , near the Crowne Plaza Hotel , there is a highly rated non - family - friendly coffee shop called Browns Cambridge that serves English food .
Fitzbillies is a moderately ranked adult only English coffee shop located in the city centre with average prices
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is located in the riverside . It is near Raja Indian Cuisine .
A children friendly Chinese coffee shop with a high customer rating is Fitzbillies in the city centre . It has a price range more than 30 euros .
The Mill , in riverside , near The Sorrento , is a moderately priced coffee shop with English food
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving high priced English food . It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is not children friendly . It is based in the riverside area .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving breakfast items and located north of the city centre .
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves English food . It is located in Riverside near The Sorrento . They are moderately priced .
Near Burger King is a coffee shop called The Eagle . They are kid friendly and have a rating of 1 out of 5 . The prices of their English food can be high .
For Chinese , head to Taste of Cambridge . It 's a family friendly coffee shop located in the City Centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel .
Cotto coffee shop has Chinese food in the low price range with an average rating in city centre , near The Portland Arms .
Aromi is a coffee shop providing English food It is located in riverside area and has low ratings
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop with prices less that £ 20 . This English coffee shop is located by riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Eagle is a coffee shop service Chinese food in the high price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , but is child friendly , near Burger King in city centre .
Near The Sorrento is a child friendly establishment called The Wrestlers . It is rated 5 out of 5 .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine there is Travellers Rest Beefeater located on the riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food in a child friendly setting in the riverside area . It has rather high prices and average customer ratings .
The Browns Cambridge coffee shop , located near Crowne Plaza Hotel , serves English food in a family - friendly environment and has an average customer rating .
The Punter is located in the City Centre , is family - friendly but is also rated lowly .
A coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue is located in the area of riverside near Burger King . It had a low customer rating , but it is a family friendly place .
In the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine , you 'll find Travellers Rest Beefeater , a restaurant with an average customer rating .
With a low customer rating , Travellers Rest Beefeater is in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine .
Child - friendly venue The Wrestlers is rated 1 out of 5 by its customers .
Bring the family to The Wrestlers . Our new kid friendly venue . Boasting a rating of 1 out of 5 , it 's fun for the whole family .
Riverside has a kid - friendly place called The Punter , it has a low customer rating .
Cotto is a high priced coffee shop located near The Portland Arms in city centre . This coffee shop serves English food with an average customer rating .
Aromi serves English food in coffee shop and is located in the riverside area . Rated average . kid unfriendly
The Wrestlers coffee shop offers Kid Friendly Chinese cuisine at a moderate price . Located near the Raja Indian Cuisine .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in Riverside is Travellers Rest Beefeater which is rated 3 out of 5 by customers .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop are on the riverside located near Crowne Plaza Hotel . They serve Chinese food , have a high customer rating , and are kid friendly .
The Punter is an English coffee shop located near Café Sicilia . It is average priced and rated 1 out of 5 .
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop with a low customer rating . Low prices and not family friendly .
Browns Cambridge , a 5 out of 5 English coffee shop , is not kid friendly . It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel and riverside .
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced kid friendly Chinese coffee shop in they city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Wrestlers restaurant has a high customer rating and is child friendly .
A family place is The Wrestlers although it is only average .
If your looking for a high rated coffee shop with no children and a decent price range , Fitzbillies is in the city centre .
Browns Cambridge near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area is a kids friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
At the riverside near Burger King is a coffee shop called The Eagle . It serves moderate priced Chinese food and is customer rated 1 out of 5 . It is not kid friendly .
Browns Cambridge is a family - friendly coffee shop providing English food . It is located in city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and it has average customer 's rating and
A restaurant called The Wrestlers is near The Sorrento . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
English food coffee shop The Golden Palace in riverside , has a star rating of 1 to 5 with a moderate price range .
Aromi is a family friendly Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area .
The Eagle in riverside is family friendly . It is near Café Brazil and customers think its average .
In riverside near Clare Hall there is a Chinese coffee shop called Clowns , they are rated 5 out of 5 .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine , Travellers Rest Beefeater , has a 1 out of 5 rating and is located riverside .
The Punter is a coffee shop of British food . We are near Café Sicilia and we are a familiar place .
Fitzbillies is a English coffee shop in the city center area for adults . The price range is moderate and has a rating of 1 out of 5
The Eagle is located in the city centre near Café Brazil with a good family - friendly atmosphere with an average customer rating .
For English food in the riverside area try The Golden Palace coffee shop . Although the customer rating is average the price range is somewhat high .
Yes , near the Crowne Plaza Hotel , there is an English coffee Shop called the Browns Cambridge which has a good customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
An English coffee shop called The Cricketers is family friendly , is located near The Portland Arms and is rated 5 out of 5 .
Located in the city centre with an average customer rating is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies . Its not family friendly and they serve Chinese .
The Eagle if a coffee shop for traditional British food . We 're near Burger King at City Centre .
The Wrestlers is a low - rated location for children it is located near The Sorrento
There is a high priced coffee shop located in the city centre called Fitzbillies that serves Chinese food . Their customer rating is 1 out of 5 and they are not kid friendly .
The Wrestlers is child friendly with low ratings by its customers .
The Punter is a Chinese food restaurant and coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 customer rating . Located near Café Sicilia , its prices are in the high range . It is not child friendly .
A restaurant that is located in Riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle . It is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating .
A riverside eatery near Raja Indian Cuisine in The Travellers Rest Beefeater . It has a rating of 3 out of 5
The Punter is family - friendly . It is locate in the city centre . It has a low customer rating .
A cheap coffee shop near Café Sicilia is selling Chinese food . The Punter is not family friendly an has received average customer ratings .
The Punter has high customer rating and is kid friendly located in riverside .
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food . The price range is high with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . They are near the Ranch .
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King in the center of the city . It serves English food and is friendly for families . Prices are in the high range and customer ratings are low , 1 out of 5 .
For a moderately priced and kid friendly restaurant , try Fitzbillies , a coffee shop style restaurant featuring Chinese food . It 's located in the city centre area , and it 's received good customer ratings .
In riverside near Café Brazil there is a place called The Eagle . It is kid friendly but only has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with a high customer rating and price range more than 30 euros . It is children friendly .
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre . They have an average customer rating and re not family - friendly .
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £ 20 price range . It is near Café Sicilia . Its customer rating is low .
There is a child friendly establishment near The Sorrento called The Wrestlers and it has a high customer rating .
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £ 20 - 25 price range . It is near Café Sicilia . Its customer rating is high .
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with a moderate price . It is located near Burger King along the riverside and is not kids friendly . It is rated 3 out of 5 .
Midsummer House has an average customer rating ans is near The Bakers .
There is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre named Fitzbillies . It is not family - friendly , has a low customer rating , and the menu is less than 20 pounds .
Aromi offers food and is a coffee shop that is family friendly and located north of the City center .
Wildwood is a coffee shop prices are less than £ 20 serving English food near the Ranch with a low customer rating
Near the Ranch , there is a cheap coffee shop called Wildwood .
Cotto is a highly rated coffee shop serving Chinese food , is in the range of £ 20 - 25 , and is in city centre near The Portland Arms .
The Wrestlers is children friendly and has an average rating
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £ 20 - 25 price range . It is near Ranch . Its customer rating is high .
The Eagle coffee shop offers Chinese food at moderate price range , has customer rating of 1 out of 5 in city centre , is not kid friendly and is near Burger King .
Fitzbillies coffee shop has the best Chinese food in the Riverside area , and has a high ranking in customer satisfaction .
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop serving expensive Chinese food near Café Sicilia with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Cocum coffee shop has Chinese food and a low price range . It is not family friendly with a good customer rating .
Fitzbillies is an child friendly English coffee shop in the city centre with a high price range and average customer rating .
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop . It is expensive and has a high customer rating . It isn 't kid friendly and near Burger King .
Clowns is a coffee shop providing English food . It is located near Clare Hall in the city centre . Its customer rating is low .
Located near a riverside , The Punter is family friendly and received a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
The Wrestlers is a high priced coffee shop , that offers English food and is kid friendly . It is located in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
At the riverside , near Raja Indian Cuisine , is a place called Travellers Rest Beefeater , rated 3 out of 5 by customers .
There is a coffee shop in the city centre that is suitable for children . Its called Fitzbillies and serves Chinese food for around £ 30 . It has a high customer rating .
Fitzbillies is a highly rated , kid friendly coffee shop on the riverside that offers English food for average price .
Cocum is a high rated Chinese food coffee shop . It 's not kid friendly and the cheapest item is £ 30 .
Aromi is an English food serving coffee shop on the riverside . It has a high customer rating and is kid friendly .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food at a cheap price . It is kid friendly , the rating is 5 out of 5 , and located in riverside .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is located in the riverside . It is near Raja Indian Cuisine .
Clowns is a coffee shop which also serves Chinese food . It is located near Clare Hall in the city centre and with an average customer rating .
Bibimbap House in city centre near Café Sicilia .
The Eagle , located in the riverside area near Café Brazil , is child - friendly and has received an average customer rating .
Near Café Sicilia , there 's a coffee shop called The Punter . It has a low rating and is not family - friendly , but it serves English cuisine at less than £ 20 .
Cocum is a family - friendly coffee shop . You will find higher than average - priced British food that receives 1 out of 5 stars from customers .
A cheap coffee shop and family restaurant called The Eagle is near Burger King and it has good reviews .
The Golden Palace has inexpensive English food . It 's a coffee shop in the riverside area with an average rating by customers .
Fitzbillies , coffee shop in the Riverside area serves English food , it has an average price range and a low customer rating .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food near The Portland Arms , which is family friendly . It has a low customer rating .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves English food . They are cheap and are rated 1 out of 5 . They are family friendly .
Clowns coffee shop offers low - key English breakfast on the river , located north of the City centre , and next to Clare Hall .
The coffee shop The Eagle located in the city centre near Burger King serves average quality English food very cheap but is family - friendly .
Near The Sorrento is The Wrestlers . They are family friendly but have a low customer rating .
The Aromi is an English coffee shop located in the city centre with a low customer rating and is not family - friendly .
The Cricketers is a family - friendly coffee shop located close to The Portland Arms .
A coffee shop which offers Chinese , The Cricketers is located near The Portland Arms . With its average rating , it is ideal for family and friends .
There is a coffee shop that does English food called Fitzbillies , with a moderate price range and customer rating of 3 out of 5 , also very child friendly .
Alimentum looks like a location where people or families aren 't allowed
The Eagle is coffee shop in the city centre , near Burger King , serving low - priced English food . It is has a low customer rating and is not family - friendly .
Near Burger King in the city center you will find a 5 star cheap coffee shop suited for couples named The Eagle That serves English Food .
Fitzbillies serves Chinese food . Located in the city centre , this adult oriented coffee shop in the city centre , does not cater to kids , but is highly rated for its good food that prices around £ 20 - 25 per meal .
The Golden Palace is an expensive coffee shop near the river .
Near to the Crown Plaza Hotel there is a kids friendly coffee shop called Browns Cambridge that provides English food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
The Punter at Riverside is Children friendly and has an average rating
A family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area is The Cambridge Blue near the Burger King .
There 's an expensive coffee shop that sells Chinese food near Ranch , it 's called Wildwood . It 's expensive but has high customer ratings .
The Cambridge Blue is located in riverside near the Burger King . It 's a children friendly coffee shop rated 5 out of 5 .
Join us at the Wildwood coffee shop for an English treat . Located near the Ranch .
The Eagle , a kid friendly restaurant in the city centre near Burger King offers highly rated coffee and Chinese food at a good price .
The Eagle is a coffee shop with a moderate price range . They serve English food and is not kids friendly . It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . It 's near Burger King , in riverside .
The Cambridge Blue is a child friendly coffee shop . It 's by the riverside near Burger King and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
A coffee shop with a 1 star rating is The Cambridge Blue . It is not family - friendly . and is near Burger King .
The Eagle is a one - star coffee shop that offers English breakfast . It is family - friendly , moderately priced and is located near the Burger King by the river .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is located in the city centre . Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
A coffee shop with a high customer rating that serves English food is in near The Portland Arms . It 's called The Cricketers and it 's kid - friendly .
If you want low ratings and a children Friendly place come have fun come to The Punter in riverside .
Cocum is an inexpensive Chinese coffee shop that is rated 5 out of 5 by its customers and is family - friendly .
The Cambridge Blue , a coffee shop , isn 't family - friendly , is located near Burger King , and it is riverside . It has a low customer rating .
The Wrestlers is a poorly rated , not family friendly venue near The Sorrento in the centre of town .
Clowns is a Riverside coffee shop near Clare Hall . It serves English food and has an average customer rating .
Alimentum is a kids friendly place in the riverside area near Burger King .
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food for moderate prices . Customers have rated this shop 1 out of 5 , as it is not kid friendly .
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food in a cheap price range . At the riverside and near The Portland Arms , it has an average customer rating .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range . It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range . Its customer rating is average .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop sited on the riverside which serves Chinese food . The price range is high with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range . It is near Ranch . Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
The Eagle is a child friendly place with a 5 out of 5 customer rating . It can be located on the riverside near Café Brazil .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the high price range that serves English food . They are located in the city centre . They are not kid friendly and have a rating of 1 out of 5 .
The Golden Palace is inexpensive and offers breakfast items and coffee .
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food . It has a low customer rating , and is located by the riverside near Crown Plaza Hotel .
Welcome to the The Eagle . We are not children friendly . Our food is English , and we are located on the city centre near Burger King . Our price range is cheap .
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop by the riverside with a high customer rating and is kids friendly .
Located near Café Brazil , The Eagle is in the riverside area . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kid - friendly .
In the city centre with just an average customer rating , Aromi serves food that is English , no children allowed in this coffee shop .
The Punter , in riverside , is rated average but not a good choice for family .
The Wrestlers is children friendly and received a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food , located in riverside near Burger King , with high customer rating and price Range £ 20 - 25 , it 's no children friendly .
If you live in the riverside area and looking for a family - Friendly coffee shop ranked 5 out of 5 , check out The Cambridge Blue near Burger King
An average rated Chinese coffee shop located in Riverside is called Browns Cambridge . It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
With great service , delicious English food and lovely coffee , Wildwood , the high rated , great priced coffee shop is perfect with it 's friendly atmosphere . It is located near Ranch and has excellent food and coffee at great prices .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £ 20 - 25 price range . It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is high .
Cotto is an English coffee shop in the city centre . It is near The Portland Arms , has a moderate price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
In the Riverside area , you can get English food at The Golden Palace . It is a coffee shop with a low rating , but costs less than £ 20 .
On the riverside near Café Brazil is The Eagle , a kid friendly location with a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
There is a high - end coffee shop on the river near The Sorrento called The Mill . It offers British - style dishes .
The coffee shop , Aromi , serves Chinese food . They are family friendly , located riverside and has a high customer rating .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the riverside area . It is not a kid friendly establishment . It offers English food at a moderate price range . Customer rating is a 3 .
There is a coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre . It serves English cuisine and is family - friendly .
For cheap English food with a 5 out of 5 customer rating try the coffee shop Cotto , located near The Portland Arms in the riverside area .
Wildwood is the name of a highly rated coffee shop with a price ranch of French 20 - 25 . It is located near Ranch .
The Punter with an average customer review is situated in the city centre , although no facilities for children .
The Wrestlers has an average customer rating . It is located near The Sorrento and is kid - friendly .
Clowns love to drink tea in a coffee shop . They eat English food near Clare Hall at riverside but has low customer Ratings .
The Alimentum is a family - friendly restaurant located in the city centre near Burger King .
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Chinese dishes in the city centre near The Portland Arms . Its prices are less than twenty Euro with low ratings .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering Chinese food in city centre . It has a high customer rating , costs more than 30 pounds , and is not child friendly .
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese food coffee shop in riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel . It is kid friendly and gets a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
Fitzbillies is an expensive Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area that customers like but isn 't good for kids .
Burger King is in the riverside area and is children friendly with an average customer rating instead of The Eagle which is a coffee shop with English food and a high price range .
There is a coffee shop called Aromi that provides Chinese food . It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 tars and is located in the city centre . It is not family friendly
There is a coffee shop , The Golden Palace , also offering English food . It is located in the city centre . Its price range is more than £ 30 . Customer rating for this coffee shop is high .
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre . It is family friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
The Wrestlers great place , kids - friendly with high customer rating near The Sorrento
Located next to The Sorrento , The Mill is an upscale breakfast style coffee shop .
Moderate priced coffee shop Cotto is Located near The Portland Arms .
Fitzbillies is a low - cost , family - friendly English coffee shop with an average customer rating located in the city centre .
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating , located in riverside near Burger King
Cocum is a coffee shop which provides Chinese food at a high price range . It has an average customer rating . It is not kids friendly .
The Cricketers is a child friendly coffee shop that serves English food . It near The Cricketers and has a high customer rating .
The Browns Cambridge is a highly rated non - family - friendly coffee shop , located in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel , which serves English food .
The Wrestlers is child friendly and rated 3 out of 5 . It is located near The Sorrento .
Located near the river , The Phoenix gets high ratings from customers .
There is a unique restaurant in the city centre area called Fitzbillies which offers a coffee shop and Chinese food . It is kid friendly and moderately priced .
There is a cheap English coffee shop named Fitzbillies located in the riverside area . The atmosphere is family friendly and the customer rating is average .
Aromi is an English coffee shop in city centre . It has an average customer rating . It is not kid friendly .
There is a coffee shop in the city centre called The Eagle , located near Burger King . It serves English food and it is moderately priced . It is not kids - friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
The highly recommended adults only venue , The Wrestlers , is found near The Sorrento .
The Eagle is a highly rated English coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King . It is cheap and family - friendly .
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre . It serves Chinese food and is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel .
In the city centre , near Burger King , is a coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue , it is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating .
The Eagle is a coffee shop in located near Burger King in the riverside area which also serves Chinese food . It is not family friendly , has poor reviews and is not family - friendly .
The Eagle is an English style coffee shop located on the riverside , right next to the Burger King . Its English food is cheap and got 5 out of 5 rating .
Midsummer House is a restaurant , near The Bakers Tucson Furniture people rating low
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced , English coffee shop in the city centre ; however , it is not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
The Cricketers may have a 1 out of 5 rating but it is the only Chinese food coffee shop this close to The Portland Arms that is also kid friendly
With a 5 out of 5 customer rating , a cheap and family - friendly English coffee shop named Fitzbillies is located in the city centre .
Located near The Bakers , Midsummer House has a customer rating of 1 star out of 5 .
The Eagle coffee shop serves Chinese food in the high price range with an average customer rating in the City Centre near Burger King and is children friendly
For a family friendly coffee shop in the cheap price range , visit Cocum . The customer rating is average .
The Golden Palace Chinese coffee shop is located in the riverside area . It has a high price range and a low customer rating .
The Cricketers , a child friendly coffee shop serving English food , has a 3 out of 5 customer rating and is near The Portland Arms
The Eagle is a non - child friendly Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating . They have a high price range and are in the city centre area nearby Burger King .
Customer Rating : 5 of 5 . Travellers Rest Beefeater near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside .
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is children friendly .
A kid friendly coffee called Aromi is located near the riverside , it serves Chinese food and receives high ratings .
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese foods . The price range is less than £ 20 . It 's located near Burger King and it 's family friendly .
The Mill is a Chinese restaurant coffee shop with low prices in the riverside area near The Sorrento .
Nearby the city centre and Raja Indian Cuisine , The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop that is not family friendly .
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop by the riverside , which serve Chinese food . The customer rating is average and ideal for family and friends .
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King by the riverside in the City centre with a low price range and an average customer rating .
This non kid friendly coffee shop , Fitzbillies , is located in riverside . They serve cheap Chinese food and have a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
Alimentum is a family - friendly location in the Riverside area , near the Burger King .
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £ 20 price range . It is located in the city centre . It is near The Sorrento .
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in the city centre close to Burger King . They are not family - friendly and received average customer ratings .
In the riverside near to Burger King is located a coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue and yes has a children area .
The Wrestlers has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kid friendly .
In riverside near the Raja Indian Cuisine there is a low rated place called Travellers Rest Beefeater
The Golden Palace is a high priced coffee shop in the Riverside area , that serves Chinese food and has a high customer rating .
The highly rated English coffee shop , Fitzbillies is located in the city centre . It is appropriate for the whole family .
There is a venue in the Riverside area called The Punter that is children friendly and has a high customer rating .
The Eagle is a child friendly restaurant located near Café Brazil in the riverside area with a rating of one out of five .
The Eagle is a children friendly coffee shop in riverside near Burger King . It has a high customer rating with the prince range for their English food is more than £ 30 .
There is The Wrestlers a children - friendly and has low customer rating ,
Near the Burger King is a child - friendly coffee shop on the riverside called The Cambridge Blue . It has a high customer rating . It is on the riverside area .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre , near Crowne Plaza Hotel . It is not family friendly and has an average customer rating .
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop that is not child friendly , and is located in the city centre with a rating of 1 out of 5 .
Cotto is our new affordable coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the beautiful riverside area . Customers are rating this English food shop a 5 out of 5 .
Riverside has a coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue , near Burger King . It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating , and is children friendly .
The Mill coffee shop , close to The Sorrento and the river is a moderately priced Chinese
Aromi is a coffee shop selling Chinese food . It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 stars . It is not family friendly and is located in the city centre
Located by the riverside , The Punter offers a kids friendly environment with a customer rating of one out of five .
There is a riverside coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel called Taste of Cambridge . It serves English food but is not family - friendly .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving moderate priced Chinese food in city center . with a rating of 3 out of 5 .
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop that offers Chinese food . It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area .
Cotto is a coffee shop that has Chinese food it is located near The Portland Arms in the center of the city . It has a high customer rating with a price range of more than £ 30 .
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop located in city centre . It is moderately priced and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
The Punter is a coffee shop which serves English food . It is located near Café Sicilia , and has an average customer rating . It is also in the cheap price range , and is family friendly .
The Punter has a low customer rating . It 's family - friendly and is located in the City Centre .
For a children friendly establishment in the riverside area , try Alimentum .
The Eagle is a family friendly restaurant located on the riverside near Café Brazil . Customers rate The Eagle 5 out of 5 .
The Eagle near Café Brazil is a low - quality , non family friendly place .
Located near Café Brazil on the riverside , The Eagle has a 5 out of 5 rating and is family friendly .
The Alimentum is in the riverside area . It is family friendly .
The Punter is a coffee shop located outside the city centre near Café Sicilia .
Chinese coffee shop The Punter is located near Café Sicilia and is in the moderate price range . It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is not kids friendly .
The Punter is in the riverside has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is child friendly .
The Punter is an upscale place located in the centre of the city . Not recommended for children . 5 out 5 stars .
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area ; it has an average customer rating and serves reasonably priced English food .
The Punter , is an English coffee shop near Café Sicilia . It has moderate price range , customer ratings are 3 out of 5 and is not kid friendly .
Bibimbap House can be found near Café Sicilia in the riverside area .
In Riverside by Raja Indian Cuisine is Travellers Rest Beefeater . It is average rated .
There 's a kid - friendly restaurant named Alimentum , located near the Burger King at the riverside .
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop which gets an average rating . It serves Chinese food but is not child friendly .
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , child friendly The Punter is situated in the riverside area .
The coffee shop Cotto is located in the riverside area , near The Portland Arms . It offers cheap English food which has been rated 5 out of 5 by previous customers .
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel , area riverside , the Taste of Cambridge coffee shop , serves English food and has a family friendly atmosphere
The Eagle is an adults only coffee shop in the city centre . Also offers Chinese food . The prices are high and the customer satisfaction is average . Located near Burger King .
The Cricketers , a coffee shop serving English food in a family friendly atmosphere is near The Portland Arms . It has an average customer rating .
A family friendly coffee shop named The Eagle is located near Burger King . It has a low customer rating .
The customers rate The Punter high . The price range is over thirty dollars . It is a Chinese restaurant and a coffee shop . It is located near Café Sicilia . The Punter is not children friendly .
Fitzbillies is an English coffee Shop for adults in the city center . This average rated place has a high price range
The Golden Palace provides Chinese food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 located in the riverside area and has moderate prices
Midsummer House is a restaurant , near The Bakers Tucson Furniture people rating low
There is a 1 star coffee shop located near Burger King called The Cambridge Blue .
Fitzbillies is a Café that serves Chinese . It is an affordable option in the city core to feed the family . It has received average ratings .
The Eagle is a non - children friendly English coffee shop in Riverside near Burger King with an average customer rating and has a high price range .
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range . It is located in the city centre . It is near Burger King . Its customer rating is average .
The Wrestlers of one star is located in The Sorrento where all your family can visit .
Family friendly The Eagle has a low customer rating and is located riverside near Café Brazil .
Clowns is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Clare Hall . It has an average customer rating and serves Chinese food .
coffee shop and Chinese restaurant Cotto is located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms . It has a high customer rating and offers items for more than 30 pounds .
The Eagle is in the riverside area near Café Brazil and is children friendly
The Wrestlers is a non family - friendly show with a low customer rating .
A child friendly English coffee shop in riverside called ' Aromi ' has an average customer rating .
The Punter is a moderately priced , five star coffee shop , welcoming families . It is located near Café Sicilia .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside . It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel . Its customer rating is low .
coffee shop says yes to children and has a high customer rating , which is based at The Cambridge Blue near Burger King area at the riverside .
An inexpensive Chinese restaurant choice is The Punter , located near Café Sicilia . They have a coffee shop feel and an average customer rating . However , they are not a family friendly restaurant .
If you are looking for a family friendly restaurant with cheap pricing , you may wish to try The Wrestlers . It offers a coffee shop and Chinese food , and is near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area .
Customers rate Midsummer House , near The Bakers , as average .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £ 20 - 25 price range . It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is high .
The Cricketers is an English food . It located near The Portland Arms . It 's a coffee shop . It 's children friendly . its customer rating is average .
The Phoenix is found riverside . It has a 5 out of 5 rating from its customers .
The Cambridge Blue is a child friendly average priced coffee shop on the riverside near Burger King .
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms by the riverside that costs less than £ 20 but has a low customer rating .
Located in the riverside area , The Travellers Rest Beefeater near Raja Indian Cuisine has a low customer rating .
Near The Sorrento is The Wrestlers . It is kid friendly . The rating is high .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range . It is located in the riverside . It is near Raja Indian Cuisine .
Midsummer House is a venue that has a low customer rating and is located near The Bakers
The Punter is a high priced coffee shop that provides Chinese food located near Café Sicilia . It is not children friendly and the customer rating is average .
Located close to The Bakers , you will find Midsummer House , which has excellent customer rating .
There is an English coffee shop in city centre that is non child friendly with a high customer rating and a higher price range named Fitzbillies .
A coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue is family friendly with a 5 out of 5 rating . It is near Burger King in the riverside area .
A restaurant located in the city center , near Raja Indian Cuisine , Travellers Rest Beefeater , has a high customer rating .
A low rated , family friendly coffee shop near to The Portland Arms is called The Cricketers and it go English food .
Near Café Brazil , by the river , is The Eagle . Its customer rating is 3 out of 5 but it is child friendly .
In the riverside area , near Burger King , is a child friendly coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue which has received a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Kid friendly with a high customer rating , The Punter is in the riverside area .
There 's a coffee shop in the centre of town called Fitzbillies . It serves Chinese food at high prices and doesn 't cater to children . It 's also poorly rated by customers .
The Wrestlers is a children friendly place with low customer rating .
Fitzbillies is an coffee shop style Chinese restaurant in the city centre area . It is moderately priced and kid friendly , with a high customer rating .
The Eagle is a coffee shop located by Burger King . It has Breakfast and is poor in rating .
Fitzbillies is a moderate priced , low rated coffee shop in the city centre that is not friendly to kids .
In the riverside area a coffee shop named Fitzbillies has reasonably priced English food . This restaurant is not family - friendly and has a low rating .
The Eagle is located in the riverside area and is near Café Brazil . It is child friendly and customers rated it average .
Cocum is a coffee shop offering Chinese food at a high price range . The customer rating for Cocum is average and is children friendly .
Not family - friendly , The Eagle , located near Café Brazil in the city centre , has low ratings .
Fitzbillies is an adult only restaurant located in the Riverside area that serves as a coffee shop and Indian food restaurant with a price range of more than £ 30 and high customer ratings .
Midsummer House has a low customer rating and is located near The Bakers .
The Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside . This family friendly restaurant has a great customer rating at 5 of 5 .
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop by the riverside with low customer ratings and prices less than £ 20 that is not family friendly .
A low rating family friendly coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue is on the riverside near Burger King .
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5 Aromi is located in city centre , they have English food Aromi is a coffee shop are not family - friendly .
The Sorrento is children friendly and customer rated 3 out of 5 by The Wrestlers .
The Punter is a child friendly place with a 3 out of 5 rating in the riverside area .
In the city centre , The Wrestlers coffee shop s is expensive . It offers Chinese food and is not children friendly . It is located near to the Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Eagle has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . It is a family - friendly venue located near Café Brazil by the river .
Wildwood coffee Shop near Ranch , is moderately priced and serves English food . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
With a low price range and an average customer rating , The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King by the riverside in the City centre .
A coffee shop , The Eagle , serves Chinese food at a moderate price . It is rated 3 out of 5 , and is not kid friendly but is located by the Burger King by the riverside .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside . It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel . Its customer rating is low .
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside . It is children friendly and has a high customer rating .
Midsummer House is a restaurant near The Bakers with a 1 out of 5 star rating .
The Mill is a moderately priced , English coffee shop near The Sorrento in the riverside area .
Cocum is a low priced Chinese coffee shop , it has low customer ratings , but is child friendly .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is located in the city centre . Its customer rating is average .
Cotto is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near The Portland Arms . It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
The Punter coffee Shop is a 5 star family restaurant , located in Café Sicilia
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves English food near The Portland Arms . They are not family friendly and they are rated 1 out 5 .
The Cambridge Blue is a low - rating , family - friendly , coffee shop located by the river near Burger King .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre which offers Chinese food at average prices and has a high customer rating .
Located near Café Sicilia , The Punter is a non kid friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food and has a 3 star rating . The price range is moderate .
The Clowns is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 in the riverside area near Clare Hall .
The Eagle is a low cost adult only coffee shop . It is by Burger King and receives poor reviews .
The Punter has the friends on the riverside .
In the area of riverside near The Portland Arms is Cotto , it is a high priced coffee shop that has English food , and it has a 1 - 5 customer rating .
Come visit Bibimbap House in the riverside area near Café Sicilia .
In Riverside , near Burger King , there is a family friendly venue called Alimentum .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering English food . It is located in the riverside area . It is moderately priced and customers rating it a 3 .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside . It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel . Its customer rating is low .
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine . It has an average customer rating .
Wildwood , near Ranch , is a coffee shop offering Chinese fare at a moderate price range , and has received a customer rating of one out of five .
in city centre there 's a coffee shop with a rating of 1 out of 5 and is child friendly . They serve Chinese food with a high price range its called Fitzbillies
The Punter at riverside is children friendly and has an average rating
Fitzbillies that is located in riverside is rated 1 out of 5 . The establishment is children friendly , a bit on the high price range .
In the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine you will find The Wrestlers . A low priced family restaurant offering Chinese food .
The City Centre has a famous average place called The Phoenix .
Cocum is a highly rated Chinese coffee shop . While a meal does cost over £ 30 , it is a good place to bring children .
Wildwood is a Chinese coffee shop near Ranch , with high customer rating and more than £ 30 price range .
If you like English food there is a family - friendly coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge near the Crown Plaza Hotel in Riverside .
Riverside offers a child friendly atmosphere in The Punter . Their customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
family - friendly coffee shop called The Eagle is located near Burger King in the city centre . It sells English food with an average price range . Low customer rating .
Fitzbillies is a 5 star , mid - price coffee shop located on the outskirts of the city near the river . It specializes in British food and is family friendly
For a cheap English style meal - try the coffee shop The Golden Palace . Located in the riverside - it has received 1 - 2 stars .
At Cotto , you 're provided a coffee shop and Chinese restaurant all in one . It is highly rated by customers and located in the city centre near The Portland Arms . Prices will be more than thirty dollars .
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is located in the riverside . It is near The Portland Arms . Its customer rating is average .
Cotto is a coffee shop . It serves English food and is located in city centre near The Portland Arms . They are moderately priced and have 1 of 5 stars for customer ratings .
Near The Portland Arms , a high priced coffee shop , Cotto , is located there in the city centre . They serve Chinese food and have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
The Wrestlers is family friendly and near The Sorrento , but it only has an average customer rating .
Cocum is a coffee shop that is in the low price range and is rated one star .
There is a coffee shop named Clowns in the centre of the city , near Clare Hall , which serves English food .
Fitzbillies is a average priced , kid friendly , highly rated Chinese coffee shop located in city centre .
The Mill is a coffee shop serving Chinese food for less than £ 20 in the riverside area near The Sorrento .
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food . Clowns located in the riverside area near Clare Hall .
There is a coffee shop called WIldwood . Wildwood serves Chinese food at a reasonable price . Wildwood is near Ranch and has a 3 out of 5 rating .
Riverside offers a yes to family friendly atmosphere restaurant called The Eagle located near Café Brazil receives 5 out of 5 stars .
In riverside is The Punter which has a children friendly atmosphere as well as a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
Although rated low The Eagle , near Café Brazil , is child friendly and by the river .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the high price range . It currently holds an average customer rating . It is located in riverside .
Alimentum , located near Burger King in the city centre , is family - friendly .
Near Clare Hall is a coffee shop named Clowns which offers English food . It has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Fitzbillies is a high rated coffee shop that provides Chinese food located in the riverside area . The price range is £ 20 - 25 and it is not kids friendly .
The Taste of Cambridge sells English food and is not a family - friendly coffee shop located in city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
Near Burger King at riverside is a coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue . It is family friendly but has low reviews .
Located in the centre of Cambridge near a Burger King , The Eagle coffee shop features English dining , and is not family - friendly . It has a 5 out of 5 rating while being cheap .
Adults rated the English coffee shop , Fitzbillies , in Riverside as 3 out of 5 points .
There is a child - friendly location named The Eagle in Riverside near Café Brazil with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
Low priced restaurant by the name The Wrestlers is a child - friendly environment with a moderate rating of 3 out of 5 . However , it is great if you 're on a budget .
Situated near The Sorrento on the riverfront , north of the City centre , ' The Mill ' coffee shop serves moderately - priced traditional British fare .
The Wrestlers is a family - friendly venue near The Sorrento , but it has a low customer ratings
A five star coffee shop in the Riverside area , Fitzbillies serves family friendly English food at a cheap price .
Chinese food in the riverside area can be found at the highly - rated family - friendly coffee shop , Aromi .
Family friendly restaurant , The Wrestlers , is rated 5 out of 5 by its customers and is located near The Sorrento .
Visit Alimentum by the riverside , it is kids friendly .
The Wildwood is a low priced English coffee shop near Ranch with the average price less than £ 20 and a low customer rating .
Near The Portland Arms , The Cricketers is a coffee shop which provides Chinese . It is family - friendly , with its average customer rating .
The kids said yes to the kid friendly The Wrestlers . It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
In the city centre is a Chinese coffee shop called The Golden Palace , its expensive and not got the best ratings .
There is a coffee shop The Eagle located at the riverside , near Burger King which has a price range less than 20 pounds . The customer rating is low and it is not family friendly .
Located on the riverside near The Portland Arms , is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food , Cotto . It 's price range is more than £ 30 , and their customer ratings are high .
There is an English coffee shop near the riverside named Aromi that is not family - friendly .
In the riverside area is a child friendly establishment with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 called The Punter .
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies that provides Chinese food . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars , and is located in the city centre . It has a moderate price range and is kid friendly .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop . It offers English food . It is not a family - friendly establishment . It is located in the city centre area near Crowne Plaza Hotel . It has a low customer rating .
Cocum is a non - family friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out 5 and has a low price range .
Fitzbillies , Chinese food and coffee shop with a high price range and customer rating of 1 out of 5 . No Children allowed .
There is a coffee shop , The Golden Palace located in the city centre that serves Chinese food with price range less than £ 20 and has low customer rating .
coffee shop and Chinese food available at the Aromi . Customer rating 5 out of 5 . City center based . Not family friendly
Less than £ 20 English meals and coffee in city centre , Fitzbillies are low rated but family - friendly
The Mill , a coffee shop , located near The Sorrento , riverside , has a moderate price range , and serves English food .
Cocum coffee shop serves moderately priced Chinese food . It is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
By the riverside , there is an English coffee shop named Aromi . It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is not family - friendly .
English food with an average customer review , near Burger King is The Eagle in the riverside . It is cheap but does not cater foe children in this coffee shop .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located on the river providing great coffee for a good price .
There is a child friendly place called Alimentum by the riverside , near Burger King .
The Eagle is a children friendly English coffee shop with prices in the high range . They have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and are in the riverside area near Burger King .
If your want Chinese food and coffee shop in the riverside area near The Sorrento try The Mill .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near The Portland Arms . Its customer rating is low .
There is a child friendly place named The Wrestlers with a 3 out of 5 rating .
The Golden Palace Chinese coffee shop is located in the riverside area . It has a high price range and a low rating .
The Wrestlers is a non kids friendly coffee shop , that has moderate price ranged English food . It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city center .
The Mill , a coffee shop located in the city centre near The Sorrento serves English food with a moderate price range
The high priced restaurant with a 1 out of 5 rating , The Golden Palace , is an English coffee shop in the Riverside area .
it is kid friendly yes near riverside 3 out of 5 stars at The Punter
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near The Portland Arms . Its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
The Punter is restaurant in the city centre with no low rank
Clowns is a coffee shop offering English food that has a rating of 1 out of 5 from its customers . It is located near Clare Hall .
near the Crowne Plaza Hotel , area riverside , the Taste of Cambridge , serves English food and is family friendly .
Midsummer House has an average customer rating and is near The Bakers .
The Golden Palace is a highly rated coffee shop in the city centre that serves English food with a price range of more than 30 .
For a low cost eatery serving English food , The Eagle is rated 5 out of 5 by past customers . It is located on the riverside close to Burger King . It is not family - friendly .
For cheap Chinese food try Cotto coffee shop by the river near The Portland Arms , it has average ratings and serves food in the cheap price range .
The Wrestlers is child friendly with a high customer rating
The Cricketers is located near The Portland Arms . It is family friendly .
The Eagle is a coffee shop serves Chinese food . Located on the riverside near Burger King . The Eagle is also family friendly . The customer rating is low .
The Eagle is a children - friendly restaurant in Riverside , near Café Brazil . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
If you are looking for a coffee shop for less than £ 20 near Ranch , The Wildwood is an adequate choice .
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop near Café Brazil at riverside that earned a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
The Taste of Cambridge is a child - friendly , English coffee shop located in riverside area , near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The Punter is an adult English coffee shop near Café Sicilia with average prices and a high customer rating .
on the riverside is a coffee shop that serves English food . Fitzbillies is not family - friendly but has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and cheap price range .
A coffee shop named The Eagle is located by Burger King in riverside . It serves expensive Chinese food , is child friendly and has average customer reviews .
The Punter , a Chinese , coffee shop style eatery near the Café Sicilia , has only a 1 out of five customer rating . It 's moderately priced , but not kid friendly .
Customers rate The Phoenix in riverside 1 out 5 .
Aromi coffee shop server English food are not family - friendly , they do have 5 out of 5 customer rating , located in city centre
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food for a price range £ 20 - 25 . It is located in the city center . , close to Burger King , is not children friendly , and has a high customer rating .
Looking for a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the high price range near the Ranch but has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , then the Wildwood may be for you .
The Eagle is a 1 out of 5 coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the high price range . The Eagle is situated at the riverside near Burger King . The Eagle is child friendly .
The child - friendly riverside venue Alimentum is located near Burger King .
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop with a customer rating average . It is located near The Portland Arms and is children friendly .
In riverside near Burger King is a family friendly coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue . It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
The Mill is a coffee shop serving English food near The Sorrento with a high price range near the area riverside
located in the city center . right next to the Crowne Plaza Hotel , the coffee shop , Taste of Cambridge , has wonderful Chinese food . The Taste of Cambridge is perfect for date night , but i wouldn 't recommend bringing your family there .
Cocum is a coffee shop which sells Chinese food . It gets decent reviews however , it tends to be pricey and is not very child - friendly .
There is a family - friendly restaurant The Punter located in city centre . Customer rating 5 out of 5 .
The Wrestlers , Is a coffee shop and is family - friendly , cheap and reasonable priced is very good for the family , We provide full English food . Located near Raja Indian Cuisine In the city centre .
Fitzbillies coffee shop serve English food in city centre , have a low customer rating , a price range of less than £ 20 and are not kid friendly .
Cotto coffee shop offers Chinese food at low price range with a rating of average in city centre , near The Portland Arms .
The Wrestlers is a cheap English coffee shop in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine . It isn 't family - friendly .
The Eagle is kid friendly and located near Café Brazil in the riverside area . Customer rating is average
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop offering Chinese food at low prices in Riverside with ratings of 5 out of 5 .
The Wrestlers coffee shop offers a family friendly environment with a price range of less than £ 20 . We offer English food near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area .
Near Café Brazil is The Eagle at the riverside . It is kids friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
The coffee shop by The Portland Arms , Cotto , serves English food . It has a high price range but has only received average reviews .
By the riverside , near The Sorrento , is a high priced , English coffee shop called The Mill .
coffee shop The Punter is near Café Sicilia and serves Chinese food . It is okay priced and has average reviews . But is not kid friendly .
An expensive coffee shop , Cotto , serves Chinese food in the city centre . They are located near The Portland Arms and have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Located near The Sorrento , The Mill is a riverside coffee shop that serves English food at a price range of £ 20 - 25 .
Near The Sorrento is a 3 out of 5 rated kids friendly location named The Wrestlers
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area . It has average customer ratings with high prices , so no kids here .
The Eagle is a highly rated , child - friendly English coffee shop located in the city centre , near Burger King . Its price range is more than £ 30 .
Near The Sorrento is The Wrestlers , a poorly rated child - friendly restaurant .
In the riverside area The Phoenix is an average establishment .
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop located by the riverside . The establishment is moderately priced , but not kid friendly . Rated 1 out of 5 .
The Cricketers is a child - friendly English coffee shop with a high rating near The Portland Arms .
Aromi is an English coffee shop in the city centre which is not family - friendly with a customer rating 5 out of 5 .
Fitzbillies is a Chinese restaurant and coffee shop with a high customer rating . It has dishes ranging between 20 and 25 pounds . It is located in the city centre and is kids friendly .
The Aromi coffee shop serves Chinese food , is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . It is located riverside .
The coffee shop named Browns Cambridge is family - friendly and serves English food . It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre and has a low customer rating .
With a high customer rating , The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento and is kid friendly .
There is a three star expensive coffee shop Cocum that is family friendly .
A highly priced English coffee shop in the riverside area is The Eagle . It is non - kid friendly , has an average customer rating , and is located near the Burger King .
By the riverside is an expensive coffee shop called Fitzbillies that provides English food . Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 and children are prohibited .
The Punter gets 5 out of 5 rating . It 's in riverside and is children friendly .
The Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine . It has an average customer rating .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is located in the city centre . Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
Clowns is a coffee shop in the Riverside area that serves English food . It is located near Clare Hall . The customer satisfaction is average .
Near the riverside you can find a coffee shop called Aromi that serve English cuisine that welcomes kids but has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
For Chinese food rated 5 out of 5 , try The Cricketers coffee shop near The Portland Arms . Unfortunately it is not family friendly .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop offering averaged - priced Chinese food . It has a high customer rating , is located in the city centre , but is not kid - friendly .
The Wrestlers has high customer satisfaction and is kid friendly .
The Eagle coffee Shop is located near Burger King in riverside area . It providing English food , 3 out of 5 costumer rating and moderate price range
Family dinner night wouldn 't be complete without a riverside view at The Eagle . Located near Café Brazil . The Eagle has a 5 out of 5 rating from satisfied customers .
There is a coffee shop named The Golden Palace in Riverside , the price ranging from more than £ 30 with high customer rating and amazing English food .
If you are looking for something near Café Sicilia , The Punter is pretty close by . It is a coffee shop , not family friendly , which also serves Chinese food . It may have average customer ratings , but its prices are cheap .
There is a moderately priced coffee shop in city centre called , The Golden Palace . It serves English food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the city centre that serves cheap English food that is family - friendly and has a average customer rating .
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is near Café Sicilia . Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
There is a coffee shop called Clowns , with Chinese food and a low customer rating . It is in riverside near Clare Hall .
Cocum , a coffee shop sells Chinese . It has a moderate price range and it is not a kid - friendly place . It 's customer rating is 3 out of 5
There is an expensive coffee shop located near Ranch named Wildwood that offers Chinese food . There is a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
The Wrestlers is a moderate Chinese coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the river side . It is no kids friendly .
Browns Cambridge is in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel . It has an average rating and serves English food in a coffee shop setting , it isn 't family - friendly .
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel , Taste of Cambridge is a child - friendly coffee shop in the riverside area .
The Cricketers coffee shop is a family pub near The Portland Arms . 3 out of 5 stars .
A Family friendly place with a rating 3 out of 5 called The Wrestlers
The Golden Palace in the city centre is an English coffee shop with with a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £ 20 price range . It is located in the city centre . Its customer rating is low .
In Riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine there is Travellers Rest Beefeater whose customer rating is high .
The Eagle is a low customer rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food . You 'll spend less than twenty dollars . It is family friendly and located in the city centre near Burger King .
Alimentum is located near the riverside . It is child friendly .
The Punter is a moderately rated English eatery offering a moderately priced adult only coffee shop near Café Sicilia .
A place named The Eagle is a kid friendly place near the riverside near Café Brazil with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
A coffee shop named Cotto is located near The Portland Arms . It has a 5 star customer rating .
The coffee shop Cocum serves English food , it has an average customer rating , the price range is cheap , but it is not family - friendly .
There 's an excellent coffee shop called The Golden Palace by the river . It 's not cheap at all but really nice .
Midsummer House is located near The Bakers and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
The Eagle is in Riverside near Café Brazil . It is children friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
The Punter coffee Shop offers Chinese food at affordable prices . Family friendly . Normal customer ratings . Find it near to the Café Sicilia .
coffee shop Aromi serves Chinese food in a family friendly environment and is of high quality . It is situated in the city centre .
Cocum is a coffee shop with a moderate price range . It serves English food and is not kids friendly . The customer rating a quite low with 1 out of 5 .
This place called Fitzbillies is like a coffee shop , that has Chinese food and is located near city centre . There is a great park across the street for the kids , which makes up for Fitzbillies average reviews and high prices .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop specializing in Chinese food under £ 20 . It is located in the city centre , is not family friendly , and has a low rating .
The Wrestlers has a 1 out of 5 customer rating but yes it is children friendly , it is located near The Sorrento
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop located riverside near Burger King . It is a child friendly restaurant that has a high price range and an average customer rating .
Rated 3 out of 5 , Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food . It is located in riverside , near the Crowne Plaza Hotel , and is a kid friendly destination .
The Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the high price range near the Ranch but has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop that is child friendly and serves Chinese food . It is located in riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The Cricketers is a family - friendly Chinese restaurant and coffee shop with average ratings . It 's near The Portland Arms .
The coffee shop Cocum serves Chinese food . It is moderately priced , child friendly and has a low customer service rating of 1 out of 5 .
The Eagle is located in Riverside near Café Brazil . It is children friendly and has an average customer rating .
Wildwood is coffee shop providing breakfast in the low price range . It is located near Ranch .
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop that is average but high price and is child friendly and in the city centre .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop serving English food near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre . It is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating .
The Wrestlers is a child friendly restaurant . Customers rate it 5 out of 5 stars .
Cotto is a restaurant within walking distance of The Portland Arms .
Wildwood has high customer rating located near Ranch a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the 30 price range .
Welcome to The Wrestlers , we are not family - friendly . Our customer rating is low and we are near The Sorrento .
The Wrestlers ' is a coffee shop located on the riverside , near ' Raja Indian Cuisine ' . They serve English food and a price range of less than £ 20 , and are not family - friendly .
The coffee shop near The Portland Arms is kid friendly and has a high customer rating . It is called The Cricketers and serves English food .
The Phoenix is located in the city center and has a low customer rating .
Fitzbillies coffee shop offers affordable meals for the entire family .
The Mill , a coffee shop near The Sorrento in the riverside area , is another cheap place to get Chinese food .
The Punter is an average priced coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 located near Café Sicilia . They serve English food and aren 't child friendly .
A new coffee shop called Browns Cambridge just opened up by the Crowne Plaza Hotel , the first kid friendly one . It has a lovely view of the riverside , and amazing English muffins . I give high ratings .
The Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop , serving affordable English food , coffee , and a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside . It is near Clare Hall . Its customer rating is low .
The Mill is a coffee shop . It is located in riverside near The Sorrento .
Cocum is a coffee shop and Chinese restaurant in the high price range . It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is not child - friendly .
Clowns is a coffee shop serving English food in the city centre near Clare Hall . Customer satisfaction is low .
Cocum is an English coffee shop that is children friendly , in the high price range with a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King . I is not child friendly . It is cheap and has a high customer rating .
The Eagle is a kid - friendly venue situated near Café Brazil in the riverside area . It has a high customer rating .
The Wrestlers is a not family recommended .
Wildwood is a coffee shop also selling Chinese food . It gets 5 out of 5 from customers and is cheap . Find it near Ranch .
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine . It serves Chinese food with a price range get of less than £ 20 .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the mid - price range . It is family - friendly and near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city center .
A kid friendly English coffee shop , Aromi , rated 3 out of 5 and located in riverside
Near to the Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area , is the Travellers Rest Beefeater restaurant which has an average customer rating .
With its price range of £ 20 - 25 and high customer rating , The Golden Palace coffee shop is located in riverside .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside . It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel . Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city city . It is moderately priced and serves Chinese food . Children are not welcome .
Midsummer House has a rating of 3 out of 5 and is near The Bakers
Clowns located near Clare Hall serves English food . This is a poorly rated coffee shop around riverside .
The Eagle is a kids friendly English coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King . It has a high customer rating and a price range of £ 20 - 25 .
The Travellers Rest Beefeater has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . It is near Raja Indian Cuisine by the riverside .
Along the riverside , near to Burger King , there is a family friendly coffee shop , called The Eagle , which serves English food costing less than £ 20 . It has a low customer rating .
Wildwood is a Chinese coffee shop with an average rating . It has a cheap price range and is located near the Ranch .
The coffee shop Browns Cambridge is situated near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area . Offering Chinese food , it is kids friendly establishment with a high customer rating .
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
The Punter is a cheap English coffee shop . It has an average rating , is family - friendly , and is near Café Sicilia .
Alimentum is near Burger King in the city center . Alimentum is not family - friendly .
There is a coffee shop called The Eagle providing Chinese food located in the city centre near Burger King with 5 out of 5 customer rating and it 's price range is cheap , but it is not family friendly .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that provides English food in the moderate price range . It is located in riverside , with a customer rating 1 out of 5 and is not kids friendly .
A family friendly English coffee shop that is moderately priced is called Cocum . It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
The Wrestlers is a family friendly coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre which offers cheap food .
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food located by the river close to Clare Hall
The Golden Palace only has a 1 out of 5 customer rating and is high priced . It 's a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre .
A coffee shop named Taste of Cambridge is located in the city centre . It is for adults and is close to Crowne Plaza Hotel . They offer Chinese food .
Looking for a family friendly venue with an average customer rating , then you need to check out The Wrestlers .
Taste of Cambridge , a coffee shop specializing in English eatery , is located in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel and is known to be very kid friendly .
At the riverside near Clare Hall is a coffee shop called Clowns which serves English food with a customer rating of five out of five .
A kid friendly coffee shop located near The Portland Arms is The Cricketers . It has a high customer rating .
Aromi is a low rated coffee shop that serves English food . It is located in the city centre and is not family - friendly .
If you 're looking for somewhere that 's been well - reviewed , try Midsummer House near The Bakers .
The Eagle has a low customer rating but is family friendly . It is in riverside near Café Brazil
The Eagle is children friendly and located near Café Brazil in Riverside . It has an average customer rating .
Wow The Punter is a children Friendly near to riverside
Cocum its a coffee shop low - cost and good food restaurant for all family located in the city
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop serving cheap English food in the riverside area situated near Burger King
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is near Café Sicilia . Its customer rating is average .
In the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel you can enjoy English food at the coffee shop Taste of Cambridge in a child friendly atmosphere .
Located on the riverside , The Punter has a 3 out of 5 rating and is kid friendly .
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves cheap Chinese food . It is cheap and has excellent reviews but is not family friendly . It can be found in the riverside area near Burger King .
Fitzbillies coffee shop in riverside serves English food , is not family - friendly , has an average customer rating and a high price range .
The Eagle a coffee shop that serves Chinese food that is located in the Riverside area near Burger King was rated a 1 out of 5 by their customers . The Eagle is a kid friendly establishment and the pricing is moderate .
A children friend coffee shop , The Cambridge Blue , is located near Burger King in riverside with an average rating
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King that provides Chinese food which has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and the price range is cheap . It is not family friendly .
In the Riverside area Aromi serves English food in a coffee shop environment . Not considered family - friendly it has and average customer rating .
If you 're looking for a family - friendly place , you should go to The Wrestlers . It is located near The Sorrento and is rated as average .
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in riverside . They have high ratings and cheap prices . It is not a kid friendly establishment .
The Eagle is located on the riverside , in close proximity to Café Brazil . The establishment is family friendly and has an average customer rating .
Cotto is a coffee shop with a less than £ 20 price range serving Chinese food in the riverside area . It is located near The Portland Arms .
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5 , The Wrestlers is not family - friendly .
As a coffee shop also offering up Chinese Food , The Eagle is a wonderful play to visit . Priced in the higher range , customers have given this restaurant a 1 out of 5 rating . Located near the center . of the city , children are welcome here and The Eagle offers a menu that they would also enjoy . Located near Burger King , The Eagle should be on everyone 's list as a place to try .
The Punter is an ok , family restaurant located in the city centre .
Looking for a family friendly venue with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 then check out The Wrestlers .
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King . The price range is from 20 to 25 pounds with high customer ratings and is kid friendly . The food is English and is in the riverside area .
Child friendly and moderately priced , Fitzbillies is a 1 out of 5 customer rated coffee shop that serves English food . It is located in riverside .
The Eagle coffee shop is an expensive establishment situated near the Burger King in the city centre which sells high quality English food , but is unsuitable for children .
The Eagle is a moderately - priced Chinese coffee - shop style restaurant . It is located near the Burger King in the riverside area . It is not kid - friendly and receives low ratings .
There is a cheap restaurant Aromi located in the centre of the city that provides take - away deliveries .
There is a coffee shop called Browns Cambridge in the city centre , near Crowne Plaza Hotel , that serves Chinese food , it is not family friendly and has a low customer rating .
There is a moderately priced coffee shop , Fitzbillies located on the riverside that serves Chinese food . Customers rate this coffee shop 3 out of 5 but is not kid friendly .
There is a coffee shop The Punter near Café Sicilia that family friendly and has a rating of 5 out of 5 . They offer Chinese food for a cheap price .
The Golden Palace will delight you with average cheap English food with in the coffee shop in the city center .
Cocum is a five star , low priced coffee shop that serves food and is very family friendly .
The is a coffee shop near Clare Hall in riverside with a high customer rating called Clowns
There 's a pricey coffee shop just north of The Portland Arms called Cotto , they sell a British breakfast platter .
Fitzbillies located near the center of the city is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and is a low priced , low customer rating non family friendly choice .
Wildwood is a middle range coffee shop . It is located close to Ranch .
Midsummer House have 3 out of 5 customer rating . It is located near The Bakers
The Wrestlers is a family friendly establishment near The Sorrento . It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
Near The Sorrento is The Wrestlers . It is family friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
The Eagle is family friendly with a 5 out of 5 customer rating . It is located near Café Brazil in the riverside area .
Aromi is a coffee shop near city centre not family orientated
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is located in the riverside . It is near Burger King . Its customer rating is average .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £ 20 - 25 price range . It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is high .
The Chinese coffee shop , The Golden Palace , is located in riverside . The price range is high with customer ratings of average
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly , 1 out of 5 coffee shop in the riverside area . It is moderate priced and serves Chinese food .
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves English dishes that are moderately priced . Despite being on the riverside , the average customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
North of the city centre there is a one - star coffee shop . Browns Cambridge is located on the river beside Crowne Plaza Hotel .
Aromi is a coffee shop located riverside , which serves Chinese . They have a high customer rating and are family friendly .
The Punter is an English restaurant . They are moderately priced and child friendly . They are located near the coffee shop , Café Sicilia . Most customers rate them as an average place to eat .
Cocum its a coffee shop low - cost and good food restaurant for all family located
Cocum is a cheap English non family - friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving British food next to Burger King . It is family friendly .
There is a coffee shop called Cocum that serves Chinese food . It is not kid friendly , the rating is high , and the price range is more than £ 30 .
Fitzbillies is kids friendly and has a moderate price range . It sells English food and is a coffee shop . It is in the city centre and has a 3 out of 5 rating .
Bibimbap House is near Café Sicilia in the city center .
Cocum went on a very busy Friday night ; the food was excellent .
The Eagle is in the city centre near to Café Brazil . Its not family - friendly and has a rating of 5 out of 5
Have you heard of The Sorrento and The Wrestlers , they are the average friendly families .
The Cambridge Blue , low rating family - friendly coffee shop near Burger King in City Centre .
The Eagle is a kid friendly coffee shop . It 's located in the centre of the city , near Burger King . It serves English food and has a high customer rating .
In the city centre there is a family - friendly place called Alimentum .
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in a price range less than 20 pounds . It is located at the riverside , near Burger King . The customer rating is low and it is not family friendly .
An average customer rated restaurant that is also child - friendly is The Wrestlers .
The kid friendly coffee shop , Browns Cambridge , serves Chinese food and is located in riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel . It has a high customer rating .
There is a friendly for kids coffee shop called Aromi that provides English food in the riverside area . The customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
The Eagle , located in city centre near Burger King , It is a coffee shop with great prices but received a low customer rating . They serve English food .
The movie The Wrestlers received a high Yes rating from a movie website
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city centre , near Burger King . It is family friendly and has a cheap price range and average customer rating .
Located near the beautiful riverside , The Punter is a 5 out of 5 rated restaurant . Its a laid back eatery , not for families .
Cocum a coffee shop serving Chinese food is low in price , it also has low customer rating and is not family friendly .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that has Chinese food . Although they have a low rating , they have moderate prices . They are in the city centre and do not allow children .
Cotto is an average rated coffee shop on the riverside that offers English food at high prices near The Portland Arms
The Punter is a child - friendly restaurant in riverside with a high customer rating .
With a low customer rating , The Punter is a children friendly place located in a riverside area .
The coffee shop Cocum does not allow children but is cheap .
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is high .
For a quite expensive coffee shop which serves English food , you could try Cocum , however customers only rate it as average and it does not really welcome children .
With a low customer rating , Travellers Rest Beefeater , is a riverside restaurant located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
Alimentum is a great venue located in riverside near Burger King , is not a family - friendly restaurant .
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop on the riverside near Burger King . kids - friendly , rated 3 out of 5 by customers .
Near The Portland Arms is 3 out of 5 customer rated , kid friendly Chinese coffee shop named The Cricketers .
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel is a coffee shop named Browns Cambridge ; it is family - friendly but low rated .
The Wrestlers is a cheap English coffee shop . It is in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine . It is family - friendly .
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range . Its customer rating is average .
Clowns is a coffee shop located in riverside near Clare Hall . It serves Chinese good and has a high customer rating .
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre . High rating and price range more than £ 30 . It is children friendly .
The Eagle is an expensive coffee shop offering Chinese food and has an average rating . It is not children friendly and is located at riverside near Burger King .
The Cambridge Blue , near Burger King in the riverside area , is a children friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating .
Cotto is an inexpensive English restaurant near The Portland Arms in the city centre , and provides English coffee shop food . Customers recently rated the store 5 out of 5 .
A kid friendly coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue is located in Riverside near a Burger King and is rated 1 out of 5 .
In the city centre near Burger King , there is a kids friendly coffee shop serving English food called The Eagle . It has a high customer rating and a price range of £ 20 - 25 .
The Eagle , located riverside near Café Brazil , is children friendly , and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside . It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel . Its customer rating is high .
Fitzbillies says that there is a children friendly coffee shop with average English food in Riverside , but is a bit pricey .
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop . They charge less than 20 pounds . The Eagle has a low customer rating but is family friendly and located on the riverside near Burger King .
The Mill is an expensive Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area near The Sorrento .
If you are looking for a highly rated children friendly restaurant near The Sorrento , check out The Wrestlers .
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £ 30 price range . It is near Café Sicilia . Its customer rating is high .
In the Riverside district Travellers Rest Beefeater restaurant has an average rating . It Is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine restaurant .
Browns Cambridge coffee shop serves Chinese food and is not family friendly . With a low customer rating , it is located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel , it is not family friendly .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop in the riverside area near to Crowne Plaza Hotel . It serves English food and is family friendly . It has a customer rating of 3 stars .
Located to the north of Café Sicilia , a coffee shop which is known as , The Punter , offers moderate price range British food . It is suitable for everyone and family to visit .
The Punter is a 5 out of 5 riverside venue .
Located next to Café Sicilia is The Punter which is a coffee shop serving average breakfast food that has high pricing but is family friendly .
Cotto is a low quality and low cost coffee shop that provides British food . It is located near The Portland Arms by the Riverside .
The Wrestlers is a low - priced family coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine in City Centre
There 's this coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine called The Wrestlers that costs less than £ 20 and is family friendly .
In the riverside area there is a child friendly coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue . This has a star rating of 5 out of 5 and is situated near Burger King .
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range . It is located in the riverside . It is near Burger King . Its customer rating is average .
Fitzbillies is a coffee and Chinese establishment . The price range is high and their customer rating is 1 out of 5 . Fitzbillies is located in riverside and they are children friendly .
The Mill coffee shop has English food near The Sorrento in the riverside area and is priced less than £ 20 .
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is located in the riverside . It is near The Portland Arms . Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop serving expensive English food . It is in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine and is children friendly .
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop near the riverside . It has an average rating and is cheap . It is not for families .
Midsummer House is near The Bakers with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
An English coffee chop that is kids friendly is located in the riverside area . The price range is moderate , and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . It is known as Fitzbillies .
The Eagle is a coffee shop that isn 't kids - friendly . Located near Burger King , at the city centre , it serves English food . The price range is moderate and the customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
The Eagle is a high priced English coffee shop in city centre , near Burger King . They have an average customer rating and are not child friendly .
There is an English coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area called The Wrestlers . It has a high price range and is not child - friendly .
Located in the city centre near Burger King is a small coffee shop called The Eagle . It also serves American food and price is worth the bite .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine is the riverside Travellers Rest Beefeater . It has an average customer rating .
The Eagle is a high - priced coffee shop near the Burger King in Riverside . The Eagle offers coffee and Chinese food ; it is child friendly and has a low customer rating .
The Punter is a three star coffee shop that serves mid ranged priced meals . It is located near Café Sicilia . This restaurant permits families with children .
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food near Café Sicilia with a low customer rating and a price range less than £ 20 .
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced English coffee shop located in the city centre . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 but is not child friendly .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms that serves Chinese . They have a high customer rating and are family friendly .
The Wrestlers has average customer rating and not suitable for children
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese with an average meal for £ 20 - 25 . Its in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine .
Fitzbillies is a high priced , child friendly coffee shop serving English food in the city center . It has an average customer rating .
For a family - friendly atmosphere in Riverside , check out Alimentum near the Burger King .
The Wrestlers family friendly venue . Customer rating 5 out of 5 .
The Eagle is an establishment located near Café Brazil , in the city centre . Children are not permitted . Ratings are average .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food rated with a high rating . The venue is kid friendly and is located near The Portland Arms .
The Punter , located near Café Sicilia , is a coffee shop style eatery , serving cheap Chinese food . While it does not cater to families , it does enjoy a high customer rating , scoring 5 out of 5 .
Riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine , high customer rating named Travellers Rest Beefeater .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food . The customer rating is average . It is located in the riverside by Crowne Plaza Hotel and is not family friendly
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside is a cheap family friendly English coffee shop called The Wrestlers .
In the riverside area there is a child friendly place called The Punter which rates 3 out of 5 .
Fitzbillies , a family Friendly , average priced low rating , coffee shop that serves English food in the Riverside area .
The Punter is child friendly and is in the riverside area . It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
For English food , the coffee shop Cotto , located near The Portland Arms in the city centre has a price range of less than £ 20 . its customer rating is low .
The Golden Palace coffee shop and serves Chinese food . The moderate price range has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and can be found in th riverside area .
There 's a children friendly coffee shop near Burger King with high customer rating called The Eagle . They serve English food with a price range of more than £ 30 in riverside .
The Wrestlers are family friendly and have a rating of 5 out of 5 .
near Raja Indian Cuisine there is the Travellers Rest Beefeater with a high customer rating
The 5 out of 5 rated The Phoenix is located in the riverside area .
The Cambridge Blue is a no family - friendly coffee shop located near Burger King in the riverside with the average customer rating .
A coffee shop called The Eagle is located by Burger King and has cheap pricing .
The kid - friendly restaurant The Wrestlers is a high customer rated eatery located near The Sorrento .
Clowns in a coffee shop eating English people near Clare Hall at riverside is an all new low .
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range . It is located in the riverside . It is near The Portland Arms . Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop close to Burger King in the area of riverside
The Eagle is a coffee shop near Burger King and the city centre . It is not family - friendly and the price range is moderate . It serves English food and the customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel . It is not family friendly .
The Eagle is a low - rated coffee shop near Burger King in the city center . It serves moderately priced English food .
With a 5 out of 5 customer rating , Aromi on the riverside is a family friendly , English coffee shop .
The Golden Palace , situated in riverside , is a coffee shop with English food having a moderate price range a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
The Golden Palace coffee shop is located in the city centre and serves English food in the less than £ 20 price range but has a low customer rating
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop , it is not friendly to family . It is located to the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
In the riverside area you can find a family friendly coffee shop named Taste of Cambridge . The serve English food and are located near Crown Plaza Hotel .
The Eagle is a Chinese food restaurant and coffee shop located near Burger King in the city centre , it has 5 out of 5 star customer ratings , a cheap price range , and is kid friendly .
The Punter is a children friendly with the customer rating of 1 out of 5 and located in Riverside .
Given a 5 out of 5 satisfaction rate by its customers , Aromi is a coffee shop joint known for its Chinese food . This non - family friendly restaurant is located in the city centre .
The Wrestlers family restaurant near The Sorrento has high customer rating .
The Eagle is a non family - friendly restaurant located in the centre of the city near Café Brazil .
Fitzbillies is a five star family friendly coffee shop serving cheap English food in the riverside area .
Clowns coffee shop serves Chinese food and has an average customer rating . It is in the city centre near Clare Hall .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that also serves Chinese food . It is located in the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel , has an average customer rating and yes , is family friendly .
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £ 30 price range . It is near Café Sicilia . Its customer rating is high .
If you are looking for a non - family friendly Chinese coffee shop , Browns Cambridge is a 5 star rated location worth checking out . It is located near the city center , close to Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop near Burger King in Riverside . It is high priced with an average rating .
The Punter is a coffee shop providing English food in high price . It is located near Café Sicilia but it is not children Friendly .
The Eagle near Café Brazil is children friendly . It is located on the riverside . The customer rating is 5 out 5 .
There is a low end child friendly restaurant located in riverside near Café Brazil . It is called The Eagle .
The Cocum coffee shop is high priced and rated three stars . It also serves food for the entire family .
The Punter is a low rated , child friendly establishment . It is located riverside .
For a riverside , child friendly environment visit the Alimentum .
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £ 30 price range . Its customer rating is high .
The Eagle is a coffee shop type Chinese food place , it 's cheap and has average customer ratings , it 's not family friendly but is located near Burger King in Riverside .
Fitzbillies Chinese coffee shop by the riverside is family friendly but has a low customer rating . It usually costs less than £ 20 .
There is a low priced coffee shop called Cocum that serves Chinese food , it is not family friendly and has a low customer rating .
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop located next to Café Sicilia . It serves cheap food .
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £ 20 - 25 price range . Its customer rating is high .
Aromi is a low - priced coffee shop in the riverside .
In the city centre is a high price range English coffee shop with an average customer rating called Fitzbillies . It is child friendly .
The Golden Palace has an average customer rating . It is an English coffee shop with a high price in the city centre .
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop that is average but high price . It 's child friendly and in the city centre .
The Eagle is an English coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre with a price Range £ 20 - 25 and is not kid friendly .
in the riverside area there is a place called The Phoenix which has a customer rating of 3 out of 5
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place with a high customer rating .
The ' 1 out of 5 ' children friendly coffee shop , The Cambridge Blue is located near Burger King in riverside
Low rated The Punter can be found in the city centre , not family - friendly .
Aromi is a English coffee shop in Riverside that is children friendly with the customer rating of 1 out of 5
For a high priced English coffee shop with an average rating that is based in the city centre near to Burger King that isn 't children - friendly then The Eagle is the place to go
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food . It has a rating of 1 out of 5 and is located at riverside near Clare Hall
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop located in riverside near Burger King with an average rating .
Browns Cambridge is a kid friendly English coffee shop located at the riverside near the Crown Plaza Hotel . Customers rate it 1 out of 5 .
There is a coffee shop in the riverside area called The Golden Palace . It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating and is moderately priced . It is located in the riverside area .
Average rated The Phoenix is located on the riverside .
Located near The Sorrento , The Wrestlers is a family - friendly restaurant . its customer rating is low .
In the riverside area near Café Brazil you 'll find The Eagle . The Eagle is family friendly restaurant with average food .
You can get Chinese food for less than £ 20 at The Mill . The Mill is a coffee shop in the riverside area near The Sorrento .
The Eagle is a family - friendly coffee shop that sells inexpensive breakfast . The shop is located just outside of City centre , near the river not far from Burger King .
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area . It sells Chinese food in a general price range of less than £ 20 . It is a family friendly coffee shop with an overall low customer rating .
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop on the riverside . It serves English food and has an average customer rating . It is child friendly and can be found close to Burger King .
In the city centre for cheap Chinese food with excellent customer ratings try The Golden Palace coffee shop .
Located in the center of the city , Fitzbillies is a low rated , low priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food . If you are looking for a family friendly dining choice , this is not a good choice for you ,
With 5 out of 5 and children friendly , The Wrestlers is the place to be .
The Eagle at the riverside is kids friendly . It is near Café Brazil and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
Wildwood is an average priced English coffee shop . It is located near the Ranch and the customer rating is high .
Fitzbillies is an affordable family friendly coffee shop located next to the river north of the City centre .
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing English food and drink for cheap . It is located in riverside near Burger King . Family are very welcome , previous customers have rated us 5 out of 5 .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves English food . This is a family friendly shop that is located near The Portland Arms and has a low customer rating .
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food . They have a cheap price range and a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . They are located at the the city centre near The Portland Arms
The Eagle coffee shop has a riverside location close to Burger King . It is not family friendly and serves higher end Chinese food .
The Aromi coffee shop is family - friendly and serves English food . It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is located near the center of the city .
Bibimbap House is in the area of riverside , near Café Sicilia .
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia offering Chinese food for less than 20 Euros but it has a low customer rating . It is not family - friendly .
The city centre has a venue serving English food , near The Portland Arms with a high customer rating called Cotto , a coffee shop with price range of £ 20- £ 25
There is an expensive coffee shop near the river called The Golden Palace .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is average .
Wildwood is a five - starred coffee shop that serves British food . It is located next to the Ranch .
An establishment called The Phoenix in the riverside area has received a rating of 5 out of 5 .
Fitzbillies is a no children friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food , in riverside , with high price Range , and 1 out of 5 customer Rating .
Browns Cambridge near Crowne Plaza Hotel is a coffee shop serving English food with a high customer rating are children friendly and on the riverside .
The Wrestlers is a friendly place rated 3 out of 5 . Located near The Sorrento
Although The Wrestlers has a children friendly environment , it is only rated one star by its customers .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that is along the river in the City centre .
Cotto is a coffee shop and serves Chinese food for a moderate price . It is located near The Portland Arms in the city centre but it only is a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
The Eagle is a child friendly , riverside restaurant near Café Brazil with a high customer rating .
A highly rated coffee shop " The Punter " serving English food priced between £ 20 - £ 25 and is child friendly
In the city centre near the Raja Indian Cuisine is The Travellers Rest Beefeater . The customer rating is low .
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves a variety of mid - priced foods . It is located by the Riverside near The Portland Arms . Cotto has high customer ratings . This is a cheap coffee shop offering quality foods for fair prices .
Near the river there is a coffee shop called The Eagle . It is highly recommended and reasonably priced , for your convenience it is children friendly and is located near Burger King .
The Phoenix has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is located by the riverside .
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly restaurant that serves English food with a moderate price range . They are located near the coffee shop Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside .
Alimentum is not a family - friendly place in the city centre .
The English coffee shop , ' The Wrestlers ' , is a highly priced place near Raja Indian Cuisine . The food has more of an adult taste to it .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel . It is not family friendly and has an average customer rating .
Near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area , is a coffee shop called Browns Cambridge has English food , family friendly with a customer rating 5 out of 5 .
Cotto is a highly - rated coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms that provides expensive English food .
High charging , low rated coffee shop by the riverside selling English food called The Golden Palace
If you want cheap Chinese food with a high rating , try Fitzbillies . This coffee shop is on the Riverside , but please remember they do not allow children .
There is a high - priced coffee shop in the City centre . It is called Fitzbillies and it is family friendly , but it does have a 1 out of 5 rating .
The Punter is located in Riverside . It is child - friendly , and has a low customer rating .
The Wrestlers is by The Sorrento and its a child friendly place with low ratings
By Café Brazil and the river side is The Eagle . It is children friendly and their customer rating is average .
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves English food . It is in the moderate price range and is located in the city centre near The Sorrento .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre , serving English food at moderate prices . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
Fitzbillies coffee shop in the riverside area , serves English food and is child friendly , with a high price range .
Near Ranch is a cheap priced coffee shop selling English food . It is called Wildwood and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating
The Cambridge Blue is a poor rated family - friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King .
A lovely little riverside coffee shop located near to Burger King that is kids - friendly and has high customer ratings go to The Cambridge Blue .
Fitzbillies is a 5 - star coffee shop located not far from the city centre .
Wildwood is a coffee shop located near Ranch that has a 3 out of 5 customer rating and moderately priced English food
there is a coffee shop Aromi in riverside offering English food . it is kids Friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
Wildwood is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food . It his high priced with a 1 of 5 customer rating . It is located near Ranch .
In the city centre near The Portland Arms is Cotto , a low - cost , 5 out of 5 customer rated English coffee shop .
Come visit riverside and eat some English food at The Wrestlers family friendly coffee shop for a cheap price . Found near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Punter is a family friendly English coffee shop . It is located near Café Sicilia .
A family friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 is named The Wrestlers .
The Phoenix has an average customer rating in the riverside area .
Situated near the Crown Plaza Hotel in the riverside area of the city , The Taste of Cambridge coffee shop , is ideal if you fancy traditional English food whilst out with the kids .
Cotto is a moderate priced English restaurant located at the city centre near The Portland Arms with a customer rating 3 out of 5 .
The Eagle is a coffee shop that also provides moderately priced Chinese food . They are located in the city centre near the Burger King . Note that they are not child friendly , though . However , they are customer rated at 1 out of 5 .
Aromi is a 5 star coffee shop located along the river . It is family friendly .
The Wrestlers is children - friendly and has low customer rating ,
There is a Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia in the moderate price range called The Punter . It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is kid friendly .
A coffee shop serving Chinese food in the high price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 but is child friendly is The Eagle , located near Burger King in city centre .
The Punter is a non - family - friendly English coffee shop near Café Sicilia with an average price range and has an average customer rating .
The Phoenix has average customer ratings . It is located in the riverside area .
At the riverside , The Phoenix has poor customer ratings .
The Wrestlers coffee shop in the riverside area serves coffee and Chinese food . It is kid friendly and moderately priced . Located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
a coffee shop called Fitzbillies serves high priced Chinese food and is child friendly with a rating of 1 out of 5 is in city centre
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is located in the riverside . It is near The Portland Arms . Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
In the city centre you will find The Punter . It is not family friend and has an average rating .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel , in the riverside area . This establishment offers Chinese food , is family friendly , and has an average customer rating .
A kid friendly venue named Alimentum is located on the riverside .
By the riverside you can find Alimentum , which is a family friendly place .
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre area nearby Burger King . They have an average customer rating , a high price range , and are not child - friendly .
Come check out this 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King . Cheap English food will be found at The Eagle , with no noisy kids allowed .
The coffee shop Cocum is a family friendly establishment and has low prices .
The Punter in the riverside area has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . It is children friendly .
For highly - rated Chinese food in a family - friendly coffee shop setting , Aromi in riverside is a great option .
Catering a traditional English menu , The Wrestlers coffee shop sits on the riverside , and offers a highly priced alternative to the nearby Raja Indian Cuisine . The Wrestlers is not considered child friendly .
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop serving Chinese food with okay reviews . It is located in the city centre near Burger King and is family friendly .
Alimentum is a family - friendly living in riverside .
Near the Ranch there is a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food named Wildwood and has an average rating .
Near The Sorrento , is a family friendly restaurant called The Wrestlers that received a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
The Eagle is a coffee shop selling English food with an average price range . It is family - friendly and located near Burger King in the city centre , has a low customer rating .
The Eagle is a higher priced , family friendly coffee shop serving traditional English food . It is located near the Burger King .
Cotto is a coffee ship serving Chinese in the £ 20 - 25 price range with a high customer rating in city centre near The Portland Arms .
Near The Sorrento is The Wrestlers with a customer Rating of 3out of 5 and is Kids Friendly
The Mill is a coffee shop that sells cheap English food located near The Sorrento in Riverside .
The Eagle is a low rated adult only coffee shop with average prices for English grub in the city centre near Burger King .
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £ 20 price range . It is near Ranch . Its customer rating is low .
The Punter is a low rated English coffee shop . It is near Café Sicilia and costs less than £ 20 .
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . It is not family - friendly . It is located in the riverside area near Burger King .
Located near The Sorrento is a kid - friendly place named The Wrestlers . It has a high customer rating .
Fitzbillies offers Chinese food in a city centre coffee shop ideal for families , at low prices . Its customer ratings are average .
Fitzbillies is an average , cheaply - priced coffee shop in Riverside that serves that also serves Chinese food to single patrons , without a family .
The Eagle coffee shop is family friendly . Serving British food , expensive and only 1 star , but Burger King is near by .
The Punter is restaurant that located in riverside .
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £ 30 price range . It is near Café Sicilia . Its customer rating is high .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop offering Chinese food . It is located in the riverside area with its prices in the higher range . customer rating for this establishment is average .
There is a child friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food . It has a low customer rating and a price range of less than £ 20 . It is called Cocum .
Located by The Portland Arms is Cotto the coffee shop . It is expensive and is rated three stars .
On the riverside near Café Brazil you can find a child friendly place called The Eagle with a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located by Burger King and the river . It has a one star rating .
Midsummer House is average rated , and is near The Bakers .
The Golden Palace has average customer rating , and is located in the city centre . Although it is a coffee shop , The Golden Palace also offers Chinese food .
A kids friendly coffee shop named Cocum has English food . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and has a moderate price range .
Cocum is a highly priced coffee shop offering Chinese food . Children welcomed .
Fitzbillies is an English riverside coffee shop . Food is cheap , it is not family friendly . It has 1 star .
The Cambridge Blue is located riverside and is a kid friendly coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 customer rating . It is near Burger King .
Although children friendly , Aromi is a moderately priced five star coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area .
The Punter is a coffee shop serving average breakfast food that has high pricing but is family friendly . It is located next to Café Sicilia .
The Wrestlers has an average customer rating and is also children friendly .
There is a coffee shop call Fitzbillies located out side the city center . It is in the mid price range and welcomes families .
The Punter is an English restaurant that is moderately priced . They are child friendly and located near the coffee shop , Café Sicilia . They are a three of five star dining establishment .
Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop serving English food by the riverside . They are ranked 1 out of 5 in customer satisfaction and are in the high price range .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop serving Chinese food near the Crowne Plaza Hotel at the riverside . It is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
Cocum is a coffee shop which also serves English food at an average price range . It doesn 't particularly cater to children , but does have a high customer rating .
Fitzbillies , located near city centre , is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food . It has a high price range , average customer rating and no , it is not children friendly .
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with a high price range but low customer rating and is kid friendly
The Wrestlers have a low rating , but their environment is very kid friendly .
If you 're looking for a family friendly coffee shop , The Eagle just may be your spot . For less than twenty dollars , you get Chinese food . The customer rating is low , but it is family friendly . The Eagle is located in the city centre near Burger King .
There is a cheap British coffee shop in the city centre named Fitzbillies , it offers breakfast and is family friendly with a rating of 1 out of 5 .
The Eagle is a coffee shop also do English food . A moderate price range , none kids friendly place with a poor 1 out of 5 customer rating . You can find this place in the city centre near Burger King .
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel by the riverside . It serves English food and is children friendly
There is a three - star coffee shop named Fitzbillies with a high price range .
Aromi is a family - friendly riverside coffee shop that serves English food . It gets a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
Wildwood is a coffee shop , located near Ranch , that serves Chinese food in the high price range . Customers have rated it 1 our of 5 .
The Eagle is located in the city centre near Café Brazil . It is family - friendly and has an average customer rating .
An average , child welcoming eatery located by Café Brazil is named The Eagle . It is near the water .
family - friendly in city centre is The Punter . It has a average customer rating .
There is a highly rated Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area called The Golden Palace . The average price range is £ 20 - 25 .
There is a kid friendly place in riverside near Burger King named Alimentum .
Cotto on the riverside is an English coffee shop and it 's cheap . Next to The Portland Arms
In the city centre , near Clare Hall , is a coffee shop called Clowns English . It is rated 5 out of 5 .
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop that has a moderate price range , located near the riverside near the Raja Indian Cuisine , my advice no children .
The Punter is a family - friendly restaurant in the city centre but has a low customer rating .
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is located in the city centre . It is near The Sorrento .
Located in the Riverside area , Fitzbillies is a high priced coffee shop that serves Chinese cuisine . The customer rating is ' average ' , and it is not child friendly .
The Eagle is a coffee shop by Burger King . Its low cost , but gets bad reviews , and is adult only .
Cocum Chinese coffee shop is rated 3 out of 5 by customers , is moderately priced and kid friendly .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop which serve English food . The location is near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre area . The place is a not kids friendly with a moderate price range .
Customer rated 5 out of 5 the Travellers Rest Beefeater in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Punter is a coffee shop that offers cheap Chinese food near Café Sicilia . It is family friendly and has a rating of 5 out of 5 .
The Phoenix has a low customer rating . It is in the riverside area .
Clowns is a Chinese coffee shop that has an average customer rating . It is located near Clare Hall in the riverside area .
Near Café Brazil , The Eagle is a child - friendly riverside venue that gets high customer ratings .
Midsummer House has a high customer rating and is located near The Bakers .
A coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King is The Eagle . English food and children friendly it has a high prices and customers have rated it 1 out of 5 .
Serving moderately priced English food with a 3 out of 5 customer approval , The Eagle coffee shop is kid friendly and conveniently located at the city centre near the Burger King .
Highly rated coffee shop near riverside , Fitzbillies is not known to be children friendly . Their prices are more than £ 30 per person .
Near Burger King at the riverside , there is a highly rated and friendly coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue .
In the riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop . It has an average customer rating and is named Browns Cambridge .
A coffee shop called The Mill is located in the riverside area near The Sorrento . The Mill offers English food for cheap prices .
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop near Burger King in the Riverside area . The customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
There is a Clowns coffee Shop near Clare Hall . It has a 5 star rating .
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop providing Chinese food . It 's in the city centre near to Raja Indian Cuisine and is kid friendly
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop for adults located near the Burger King in the riverside area with low ratings .
The Punter is a kids friendly place situated by the riverside that received 1 out 5 star rating .
The Wrestlers is a restaurant near The Sorrento .
The Eagle in Riverside near Café Brazil is kids - friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
Near Café Brazil The Eagle has a low customer rating , children friendly by the riverside area .
Fitzbillies coffee shop in the city centre serves Chinese food in the cheap price range , it is not family friendly .
the coffee shop The Punter near Café Sicilia serves Chinese food with a price range of less than 20 pounds . It is not family friendly and has a low customer rating .
Fitzbillies is based in the riverside area and serves expensive English food . Is a coffee shop with a low customer rating and is not children friendly .
The Golden Palace coffee shop located riverside serves Chinese food costing more than £ 30 , the customer rating is high .
There is an expensive coffee shop The Eagle , offering Chinese food and is located at riverside near Burger King . It is not child friendly and has an average rating .
Aromi is a family friendly Chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area with a low customer rating .
The Golden Palace on the riverfront is a five star coffee shop that offers typical British fare at low prices .
in the riverside area there is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies which have a high rating , the prices are a little high , more than £ 30 , but they serve good English food , they are not for kids
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel . It serves English food . It is family friendly and has a 5 star rating .
Clowns coffee shop and Chinese food in Riverside near Clare Hall with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
The Eagle is an average restaurant that serves food in an adult environment near Café Brazil in the city centre .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop with great English food close to Crowne Plaza Hotel
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre . It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel . Its customer rating is low .
Midsummer House is located near The Bakers customer rating 1 out of 5
A kid friendly restaurant is the The Wrestlers and it has a high rating of 5 out of 5 . It is located near The Sorrento .
Cocum is an average family friendly coffee shop . It offers British fare at a high price .
The Phoenix has 1 out of 5 ratings and they are located on the riverside .
A coffee shop , with a high customer rating , called The Golden Palace , located in a city centre , offers Chinese food , within a price range of £ 20 - 25 .
Located near Café Brazil in a riverside area , The Eagle is child - friendly and gets high customer ratings .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £ 30 price range . It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is high .
Aromi is a family - friendly coffee shop located in a riverside area . It serves English food , and customers give it a 5 out of 5 star rating .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms that serves Chinese food . It has very high customer ratings and is child friendly .
The Cricketers coffee shop serves English food , is family friendly , is near The Portland Arms and has a Customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
Alimentum is a family friendly restaurant close to the river near Burger King .
The Wrestlers is an average rated child friendly place .
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Burger King . The Eagle has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . They are a children friendly English coffee shop .
Near The Sorrento riverside , The Mill is a coffee shop offering Chinese food at price range of £ 20 - 25 .
An English coffee shop located near Café Sicilia , called The Punter , is has moderate price range , customer ratings of 3 out of 5 , and is not kid friendly .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is average .
Cotto is an affordable coffee shop located near The Portland Arms . It serves a traditional English breakfast .
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop near the River . It is not family - friendly .
The Cotto coffee shop serves cheap Chinese foods in the city center near The Portland Arms , rated 5 out of 5
The Golden Palace is a low - priced restaurant in the city centre that delivers take - away .
In riverside is The Eagle near Café Brazil . It 's kid friendly and received 5 out of 5 .
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre , you will find the family - friendly coffee shop Taste of Cambridge , serving an English food menu .
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place that is not very good .
Located in the riverside district , near The Sorrento , is a coffee shop known as The Mill . It serves typical English grub while offering moderate prices .
Cocum coffee shoo provides breakfast meals is low price range has and excellent rating , is for the whole family .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop where you can also get cheap Chinese food . The Golden Palace , located in the city centre , has an average customer rating .
an average restaurant would be Midsummer House near The Bakers .
Fitzbillies coffee shop provides Chines food in the city centre . It is children friendly , mid priced and has a high customer rating .
The Phoenix has a 1 out of 5 rating in riverside .
The Punter in riverside has a high customer rating and is kids friendly .
The Wrestlers has 5 out of 5 customer rating . It is located near The Sorrento and is children friendly .
In the riverside area You can visit The Cambridge Blue . A family friendly , customer rated 5 out of 5 coffee shop , located by Burger King .
The Wrestlers has a high customer rating and is children friendly .
Average Chinese food near the Ranch can be found at Wildwood coffee shop , for a moderate fee .
A highly rated Chinese coffee shop in the city centre is Fitzbillies . Selling cheap Chinese food , it has an overall customer rating of 5 out of 5 . It is not suitable for family as it is described as not family friendly . This coffee shop sells Chinese food in a cheap price range . It can be found in the city centre .
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop . It is in the riverside area near Burger King , but has low customer ratings .
There is an English based coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge . It is located in the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and , yes , it is kid friendly .
The Cricketers are a coffee shop providing Chinese food . This establishment is kids friendly . Located near The Portland Arms . Currently 1 out of 5 Customer Rating .
Located by the river , Fitzbillies is a medium priced coffee shop , is family - friendly and highly rated .
Fitzbillies is a riverside coffee shop , offering a child friendly experience . Rated 1 out of 5 by the customers . They serve English food , priced high .
Located near Riverside is child friendly venue The Punter . The Punter is rated 3 out of 5 .
A coffee shop with English food is The Eagle which is in the city centre near Burger King . It is children - friendly , with an average customer rating , and is in the high price range .
The Wrestlers is a child friendly environment with average reviews .
The Punter coffee shop serves Chinese food and is moderately priced . It has average reviews and is not kid friendly . It is near Café Sicilia .
Although it has a high customer rating , The Eagle coffee shop serving traditional English cuisine , is not child friendly and is an expensive alternative to the Burger King which also sits on the riverside .
The Punter gave an average family friendly rating to the riverside area .
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range . It is near Ranch . Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
Located near The Sorrento is a child friendly restaurant The Wrestlers which has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
The Eagle at the riverside near Café Brazil , which has customer rating 1 out of 5 , is children friendly .
There is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food , in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel called Browns Cambridge , it is family friendly , but the customer Rating is low .
The Wrestlers is inexpensive and child - friendly . It has a low customer rating .
Cocum coffee shop serves English food , is adult oriented with a high customer rating , and price range of £ 20 - 25 .
Near Burger King on the riverside is The Cambridge Blue . It 's a kid friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that is children friendly with a high customer rating located near Burger King in the riverside area .
The Wrestlers has a 3 out of 5 customer rating . It is kid - friendly .
Ranked 1 out of 5 , Fitzbillies is a child friendly coffee shop serving English food in the high price range . They are located by the riverside .
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch . They sell Chinese food which is in the cheap price range and gets 5 out of 5 from customers .
The Eagle is children friendly in the riverside area near Café Brazil
Fitzbillies is a family - friendly coffee shop in the city centre . It serves English food and has a price range of less than £ 20 . It also has a low customer rating .
Located on the riverside , The Punter is a kid friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop where they serve Chinese food , They have a high price range and an average customer rating . They are located at the centre of the city
In riverside area , there is The Punter , which is high rated by customers and kids are friendly .
The family - friendly coffee shop Fitzbillies is in the moderate price range . They serve English food , are in the city centre and have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
The Punter is a coffee shop , they serve Chinese food , the price range is moderate , the customer rating is 1 out of 5 , the people in the restaurant are not friendly with kids , and it is near Café Sicilia .
There is a low priced coffee shop serving Chinese food The Eagle in riverside , near Burger King .
Family friendly Cocum coffee shop moderate price great reviews
Browns Cambridge found near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside is a non family - friendly coffee shop that serves English foods and a low customer rating .
The Cotto is a highly rated English coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms , and prices range more than £ 30 .
Near Café Brazil in Riverside with a customer rating of high and is children friendly is The Eagle .
The Eagle is a coffee shop that has Chinese food , its price range is high , and its customer rating 1 out of 5 , it is in the city centre and no don 't bring your kids and its near Burger King .
The Eagle is located at the riverside near Café Brazil . It has a low customer rating and is not family - friendly .
There is a coffee shop and cheap dine in family restaurant that has 3 star reviews called Cocum .
5 out of 5 customer rating Travellers Rest Beefeater can be found at riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine .
Clowns performances occur near Clare Hall at the coffee shop and also at a low rated Chinese take out near the riverside .
English food can be found in a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area . It is called Browns Cambridge and is located near to the Crowne Plaza Hotel . It has an average customer rating .
Browns Cambridge , near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside , is a coffee shop offering English food . Although not family - friendly , it has been rated 5 out of 5 by its patrons .
Browns Cambridge is located in the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel . It is a coffee - shop style Chinese restaurant . It receives average reviews and is kid friendly .
Fitzbillies riverside coffee shop welcomes families . It serves low priced Chinese food .
The Wrestlers are family friendly , but has a low customer rating
The Wrestlers has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is suitable for children .
For awful English coffee at a high price , go to The Golden Palace found in the City Centre .
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop located in city centre with high prices .
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £ 30 price range . It is near Café Sicilia . Its customer rating is high .
Near Clare Hall in the riverside area , Clowns is an English coffee shop with a high customer rating .
The family friendly place called The Wrestlers unfortunately has a low customer rating .
The Punter is a 5of5 class coffee shop located near Café Sicilia , serves cheap food for all
With a high customer rating , The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms . It serves English food .
There is an adult Chinese coffee shop near Café Sicilia that serves expensive , low - rated food named The Punter .
The Punter , near Café Sicilia is a highly rated coffee shop style venue serving Chinese food at a low price . Unfortunately it is not family friendly .
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is located in the city centre . It is near The Portland Arms . Its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
Fitzbillies , an English coffee shop , is moderately priced in the city centre . It is not kid friendly and rated 1 out of 5 .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop and breakfast establishment . It is located North of City centre beside the river .
The coffee shop named The Golden Palace is located in City Centre . It has a high customer rating . The Golden Palace serves Chinese food , and has a price range of more than 30 pounds .
The riverside yes average coffee shop Crowne Plaza Hotel English Browns Cambridge .
An average restaurant named The Wrestlers is children friendly .
Fitzbillies is a reasonably - priced Chinese restaurant and coffee shop . It is located in the city centre and receives high customer ratings , though not the best place to bring your kids .
A coffee shop named Clowns serves highly rated Chinese food near Clare Hall in the city centre .
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop located on the riverside . It is not family - friendly , but received a 5 out of 5 rating . It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
An English coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge is situated near Crowne Plaza Hotel at Riverside . However , not suitable for families .
The Punter has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kid friendly . It is located in riverside .
Browns Cambridge is not a family friendly coffee shop , it serves Chinese food and has a rating of 5 out of 5 by its customers . Located near a riverside and Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The Golden Palace coffee Shop offers Chinese food at a low price range and is rated 5 out of 5 in the city of Riverside .
A coffee shop called Wildwood located near Ranch , serving Chinese food . Wildwood has a moderate price range with a customer rating of 1 out 5 .
With below average prices , The Wrestlers , a non - family friendly coffee shop in the city centre , offers Chinese food and is located near the Raja Indian Cuisine .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range . It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is average .
There 's a high priced Chinese coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 customer rating in the city center . called The Golden Palace .
A restaurant named Travellers Rest Beefeater located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area with a high customer rating .
An English coffee shop by the name of The Cricketers is not family - friendly and is near The Portland Arms . It was given a Customer Rating of 5 out of 5 .
Clowns Chinese coffee shop is rated 5 out of 5 and is near Clare Hall in riverside .
The Punter is a coffee shop style Chinese eatery located near Café Sicilia . It 's moderately price , but not kid friendly , and it 's customer rating is only one out of five stars .
The Punter has an average customer rating . Situated in the city centre ; it 's a yes for families .
Fitzbillies coffee shop offers cheap , family friendly Chinese food in the city centre .
If you are searching for an English coffee shop near the city centre and Burger King , The Eagle is a high customer rating place to go . It is not children friendly place and it has a £ 30 and over menu , but you might want to check it out .
The Wrestlers is children friendly with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is located near The Sorrento .
Cotto a moderately rated English coffee shop with average prices located in the city centre near The Portland Arms
The Punter is a cheap family friendly coffee shop serving English food . It is located near Café Sicilia however it 's rated low .
There is a coffee shop , Cocum , that serves Chinese food for less than £ 20 . It is not family friendly and has a low customer rating .
Cocum is a low priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food with a low customer rating and is not family friendly .
The Eagle is a coffee shop for adults , located on the riverside . It serves Chinese food at a high price . Customers rate it as 1 out of 5 . It is near a Burger King .
The Punter is a child friendly establishment located by the riverside with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
A cheap coffee shop , called The Mill , located in the Riverside area , near The Sorrento serves English food .
Cotto is a low priced and rated coffee shop located near The Portland Arms in the riverside .
Located near The Bakers is Midsummer House which has been rated high by customers .
Near The Sorrento , The Wrestlers is a family friendly venue with an exceptional customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
The Wrestlers near The Sorrento is a family friendly pub with a low rating
The Eagle is a family - friendly , low price range coffee shop serving English food . It is located in the town centre near Burger King and has a low customer rating .
Fitzbillies , a moderately priced coffee shop in Riverside that serves English food and is not kid friendly , received 3 out of 5 points .
The Punter is a cheap , 5 out of 5 , coffee shop located near Café Sicilia . The Punter is a family friendly place that serves English cuisine .
The coffee shop that offers Chinese food at a cheap price in called Cocum . It has an average customer rating and is family friendly .
The Wrestlers is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine . It is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food for under £ 20 .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that is family friendly and serves British food . it is down the road from Crowne Plaza Hotel
located in the city center . , The Golden Palace coffee shop is a high priced average rating serving Chinese foods
Fitzbillies , a coffee shop and Chinese restaurant , is priced moderately , but has low customer ratings . It is located in city centre and family friendly .
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food . It has low customer ratings and it is located in the city centre . It is not family friendly .
The Wrestlers is a kids friendly place and it has a good customer rating .
Fitzbillies coffee shop in City centre offers English food . It is high priced , has a 1 out of 5 rating and is family friendly .
A family friendly coffee shop in Riverside is The Cambridge Blue . It is near Burger King and has a low customer rating .
There is a coffee shop called The Cricketers near The Portland Arms . It serves English food and has a 5 star rating but is not family - friendly .
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee ship with a low customer rating . It is family friendly place locater in the riverside area the Crowne Plaza Hotel .
In the riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop with a low customer rating known as Browns Cambridge .
A restaurant called The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento and is family friendly with an average customer rating .
The Eagle located in the city centre near Burger King is not kid friendly , but has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 a coffee shop serving Chinese cuisine with a moderate price range .
located in the city centre with average prices is Fitzbillies , a moderately ranked adult only English coffee shop
Travellers Rest Beefeater can be found on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine , and IT has a low customer Rating .
Cocum is a coffee shop . It has a 3 out of 5 rating . It is not kids friendly and it has a moderate price range . It serves English food .
coffee shop The Eagle is child friendly with a price range of more than 30 . Serving English food , it is located near Burger King in city centre and has a high customer rating .
Well rated but expensive coffee and Chinese food can be found in the city centre near The Portland Arms at Cotto restaurant .
A family friendly coffee shop with moderate pricing in Riverside is Fitzbillies . They serve English food and have a customer rating of three out of five .
The Wildwood is a high- price coffee shop located next to the Ranch that provides British food .
The Golden Palace is a high priced coffee shop serving English food in the Riverside area with only a 1 out of 5 rating .
Cotto , a Chinese food restaurant , is located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms . It is a coffee shop type establishment and has a £ 20 price range .
Go to the city centre near Burger King and you will find The Eagle , a highly rated , kid friendly , affordable restaurant that offers coffee and Chinese food .
Located by the river , Aromi is a British coffee shop serving food at all times of the day .
High priced and moderately rated Cotto coffee shop in near The Portland Arms by the riverside .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food at moderate prices and has a rating of 3 out of 5 it is located at the riverside area
Browns Cambridge coffee shop has Chinese food with customer rating of 1 out of 5 , at riverside , is kids friendly and is near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
Riverside restaurant , The Golden Palace , enjoys high customer rating . The venue is a coffee shop offering Chinese food at a price range exceeding 30 pounds .
Take your family to Fitzbillies a coffee shop located in the city centre . It serves great Chinese food at an affordable price .
There is a coffee shop that provides food and is children friendly , near Crowne Plaza Hotel and the riverside and is called Taste of Cambridge .
The Golden Palace is a low - priced restaurant on the river that serves breakfast .
The Eagle is a cheap , non - family - friendly coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 customer rating . This restaurant , which features English food is located in the centre of the city near a Burger King .
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop near Café Sicilia that also offers food . Low prices and a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located in the city centre near of Burger King
A coffee shop called The Eagle has a high price range . Located in riverside near Burger King , the restaurant offers English food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . It is not child friendly .
The Wrestlers is a non kid friendly coffee shop and moderately priced Chinese establishment located in city centre , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
A coffee shop that allows families with children is The Punter . The Punter has a rating of three stars and has mid ranged priced meals . The Punter is located near Café Sicilia .
There is a coffee shop near Ranch called Wildwood that serves Chinese food and a moderate price and has a 3 out of 5 rating .
The Eagle is a non - children friendly English coffee shop in Riverside near Burger King with a high price range and an average customer rating .
The Cricketers coffee shop near The Portland Arms offers Chinese cuisine . It is family friendly and is rated a 5 out of 5 .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near The Portland Arms . Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
There is a place in the city centre , Alimentum , that is not family - friendly .
Clowns coffee shop has a high customer rating . It serves Chinese food near Clare Hall in riverside .
The Cotto is a coffee shop with English food near The Portland Arms in the riverside area . It has a rating of 1 out of 5 and moderate prices .
There is a children friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King . It is called The Cambridge Blue , but has low customer ratings .
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside . It is children friendly and has a high customer rating .
The Eagle is a child - friendly Café at the riverside near Café Brazil . It has an average customer rating .
Located near Crowne Plaza Hotel , The Browns Cambridge coffee shop serves English food in a family - friendly environment and has an average customer rating .
The English coffee shop near Burger King is called The Eagle . It is kid friendly , with high customer ratings , in the riverside area . The price range is from 20 to 25 pounds .
The Wrestlers coffee shop has moderately priced food and is a kid friendly establishment in the riverside area close to Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Punter is a family - friendly restaurant in city centre that has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
Cocum is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with low price range and low customer rating and it 's not family friendly .
Near Café Brazil , there is an establishment known as The Eagle . It is family friendly and has a low customer rating . It is located on the riverside .
Located near The Portland Arms in riverside , the Cotto coffee shop serves English food with a price range of £ 20 and a low customer rating .
The Wrestlers has a low customer rating but it is family friendly .
The Eagle is a highly rated , yet cheap coffee shop near Burger King and the city center . that serves Chinese . This establishment is suitable for adult guests .
There is a poor rated restaurant The Phoenix in the city centre .
The Wrestlers is in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine . It is a kid friendly coffee shop serving high priced Chinese food .
The Cambridge Blue is a child friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King .
Clowns is a coffee shop located on a riverside which is near Clare Hall . They serve English food and has an average customer rating .
There is an Chinese coffee shop named Aromi near the riverside that has 1 out of 5 in the customer ranking and friendly with kid
The Punter is rated 5 out of 5 and is kid friendly . It is in riverside .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near The Portland Arms . Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
Located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area is Browns Cambridge , a coffee shop serving English food with an average customer rating . It is not child friendly .
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly Café but it is expensive and has a low customer rating . They are by the river and serve English food .
The Golden Palace in the city centre - a coffee shop that serves English food at moderate prices . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
coffee shop The Golden Palace offers English food . It has a very good reputation , unfortunately , also has a high price .
The Punter is located near Café Sicilia . This is a Chinese restaurant with a price range over thirty dollars . It is also a coffee shop . The customers rate it high . It is not children friendly .
There is a place called The Eagle that seems to be a Café Brazil is 5out of 5 and its in the centre of the city , this is not for kids
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre . It has an average customer rating .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine , along the riverside , is located the high - rated restaurant , Travellers Rest Beefeater .
Taste of Cambridge Chinese coffee shop in riverside , near Crowne Plaza Hotel , is kid friendly .
Cocum is a kid friendly English coffee shop . It is average priced and average rated .
Near the Burger King and in the city centre is Alimentum , which is not family - friendly .
Clowns coffee shop provides English food with a customer rating of average . Clowns is in the riverside area near Clare Hall
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food near Café Sicilia . The prices are cheap and the customer rating is average .
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the Riverside area is Travellers Rest Beefeaters which receives low customer ratings .
There is a high end coffee shop The Mill that sells Chinese food located in riverside near The Sorrento .
The Cambridge Blue is a kids friendly pub near Burger King in the riverside area .
Located in the riverside area , Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop with a fairly low customer rating . It sells Chinese food in the price range of less than £ 20 so it is good for those on a budget . It is family friendly and can be found in the riverside area .
The Eagle coffee shop , serving Chinese food , prices from £ 30.99 , high profile , riverside , near Burger King , child friendly
A Family friendly restaurant near Café Brazil by the riverside is The Eagle but it ranks low
The Mill is a coffee shop offering Chinese food at a moderate price range in the city centre near The Sorrento .
The Eagle has a high rating , is near Café Brazil and is kid friendly .
There is an English coffee shop called The Mill on the riverside . It is situated near The Sorrento . It serves cheap food and drinks .
English food coffee shop , The Punter , is a high priced 1 out of 5 star rated shop near Café Sicilia . It is not kid friendly .
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop located in city centre . It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
The Cricketers is a English food place with a average customer rating near The Portland Arms . It is a children friendly coffee shop .
Wildwood is a coffee shop with a high price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 ; it is near the Ranch .
An English coffee shop that welcomes children , Aromi is near the riverside with a low customer rating
The Punter is a children - friendly restaurant in riverside with a low customer rating .
Midsummer House has a low customer rating and is near The Bakers .
Alimentum at the riverside near Burger King is a non - family - friendly establishment .
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly English coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside . It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
There is a coffee shop named Cocum that is family - friendly ; it serves English food and prices food below 20 euros . It has a low customer rating .
The Eagle is a kids Friendly establishment in the riverside area , located near Café Brazil . It has a customer Rating of 3 out of 5 .
A coffee shop in the riverside area , near Burger King , serving English food is The Eagle . The shop has a high customer rating , isn 't child friendly , and serves food at a £ 30 price minimum .
There 's a coffee shop in Riverside near Burger King called The Cambridge Blue .
Taste of Cambridge has a no children policy , it is a coffee shop sat next to the river that provides English breakfast not far from Crowne Plaza Hotel .
Near The Portland Arms , The Cricketers , a Chinese coffee shop , is rated as average and is not family - friendly .
The Eagle is a highly recommended and inexpensive , adult - only coffee shop that serves Chinese . It is located near Burger King in the center . of town .
Welcome to the The Eagle . We are not children friendly . Our food is English , and we are located on the city centre near Burger King . Our price range is cheap .
The Golden Palace coffee shop is located in the city centre and serves English food in the less than £ 20 price range but has a low customer rating
If you are looking for a coffee shop that serves English food and is highly rated by our customers , Clowns is the place for you . Conveniently located in riverside near Clare Hall .
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre that also serves Chinese food . It has an average customer rating .
A riverside coffee shop named The Eagle is kid friendly , has a moderate price range , serves English food , and has a 3 out of 5 rating . It is near the Burger King .
on the city centre is located a great coffee shop named Browns Cambridge next to Crowne Plaza Hotel
Near The Sorrento is located The Wrestlers , it is family - Friendly and average - priced .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that also offers Chinese food with items between £ 20 - 25 . Customers give this Riverside venue a high rating .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is located in the city centre . Its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food at average quality , it is in the city centre and is family friendly .
The Eagle coffee Shop and Chinese near Burger King in the Riverside area offers moderate prices with a 3 out of 5 rating , but is not kid friendly .
The coffee shop Cocum serves low price Chinese food , it is child friendly but , has low customer ratings .
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is located in the riverside . It is near The Portland Arms . Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
There is a family - friendly coffee shop called The Wrestlers in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine . It serves English food in low price range .
If you are looking for somewhere with customer ratings of 5 out of 5 then visit Wildwood near Ranch . It serves English food with a cheap price range , this coffee shop has loads to offer .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside . They offer Chinese entrees , and have excellent customer reviews . They accept all families .
Located in the riverside area , Fitzbillies is a moderately priced restaurant offering a coffee shop as well as Chinese food . It is moderately priced and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . It is not kid friendly .
Clowns is a highly rated coffee shop , serving English food , near Clare Hall in the Riverside area
Browns Cambridge is located at the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel with an average customer rating . It is a coffee shop with English food and is not family - friendly .
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop serves cheap average quality English food in Café Sicilia
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop in the city centre that has a moderate price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
Cocum is is a kid friendly with a customer rating of 1 out 5 stars . It is a coffee shop with a moderate price range .
There is a cheap coffee shop Fitzbillies in the city centre , not family friendly .
High priced and with a 1 of 5 customer rating , Wildwood is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food . It is located near Ranch .
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area . It is moderately priced , non - kid friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located on the riverside . It also serves Chinese food for a moderate price . It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
The Cocum is an English coffee shop . It has low customer ratings , price range less than £ 20 , and is not family - friendly .
Aromi is a child - friendly coffee shop located on riverside . It serves English food and has a high customer rating .
Cocum is a kid friendly coffee shop featuring Chinese food at a moderate price . Customers have rated the shop 3 out of 5 .
Near Burger King , eat at this coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue . It is not family - friendly at Riverside . Customer rating is totally 5 out of 5 .
The Wrestlers has received a 5 out of 5 customer rating it is not family - friendly .
Aromi , the family friendly coffee shop that serves English food by the riverside has been average rated ,
If you are ever near The Portland Arms , stay away from The Cricketers , and find yourself another coffee shop with better English food , because while it is kid friendly , it only has a 1 out of 5 start customer rating .
There is a coffee shop on riverside that serves Chinese food in the city centre , near Crowne Plaza Hotel , Browns Cambridge . It is not family friendly and has an average customer rating .
Cocum is a kids friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food in the £ 20 - 25 price range with a high customer rating .
The Mill is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food . It is moderately priced and is located in the riverside area near The Sorrento .
There is coffee shop called The Cricketers near The Portland Arms with a average customer rating . It is children friendly with English food .
Fitzbillies is a Chinese style coffee shop in the city centre . You can get a good meal for around £ 20 - 25 . It is not kid friendly , this adult oriented restaurant gets a high rating from its customers .
Aromi has an average customer rating in Riverside that provides Chinese food .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms providing English food with a low rating . They are not family - friendly .
Fitzbillies in Riverside is a average coffee shop offering English style food in the low price range .
The low customer rating , family - friendly establishment named The Eagle is near the city centre and near Café Brazil .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside . It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel . Its customer rating is low .
Located near Burger King in Riverside , The Eagle is a coffee shop that offers English Food at a cheap price with a 5 out of 5 rating .
The Golden Palace offers terrible English coffee for a high cost in the City Centre .
The Punter is a kid - friendly restaurant in the riverside area with a one out of five customer rating .
Cocum serves high - priced Chinese food in a coffee shop venue . It has an average customer rating and is child - friendly .
The Wrestlers children friendly restaurant is rated 1 out of 5 .
Fitzbillies is a family Friendly coffee shop with Chinese food . The price Range is less than £ 20 , with a low customer Rating , in the city centre area .
Near the Crown Plaza Hotel at the riverside , there is a kid friendly English coffee shop called Browns Cambridge , customers rate is 1 out of 5 .
The Eagle is a moderately priced family - friendly coffee shop serving English food . Located at the city centre near the Burger King , The Eagle boasts a 3 out of 5 customer satisfaction rating .
The Punter coffee shop offers Chinese food at a moderate price . Has a customer rating 3 out of 5 . Yes it is kid friendly and near Café Sicilia .
There is a low rated , family friendly coffee shop The Eagle serving Chinese food near Burger King .
An cheap English coffee shop named The Golden Palace located in the riverside area was rated 5 out of 5
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel located in city centre . It sells English food and is not a family - friendly shop .
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre . Its customer rating is low .
coffee shop and Chinese , The Eagle , is near Burger King in Riverside . With a price range of £ 20 - 25 and a high customer rating . Children not allowed .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that also serves Chinese food . It is moderately priced , with low customer ratings and is located in the city centre It is family friendly .
The Golden Palace coffee shop in Riverside is cheap , serves English food , and has an average rating with customers .
Midsummer House has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is located near The Bakers
The Eagle is a cheap coffee shop serving English food , located on the riverside , pretty close to the Burger King . It 's family friendly and customers rate it 5 out of 5 .
The Punter is children friendly with 5 out of 5 rating in riverside .
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves Chinese food in the city center . They have a 3 point rating out of 5 , and a medium price range .
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop which is family friendly located in riverside near Burger King with an average rating .
The Eagle is an average rated establishment located near Café Brazil , in the city centre . Children are not permitted .
The Wrestlers are both family Friendly and have a 5 out of 5 rating .
Browns Cambridge , a family - friendly English food coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre has a low customer rating .
The Eagle coffee shop serves Chinese food , with high customer rating and price Range £ 20 - 25 , it 's no children friendly and is located in riverside near Burger King .
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop that served kid friendly English food that is rated 1 out of 5 and is located on the riverside .
Fitzbillies Chinese food is the best customer rated coffee shop in the Riverside area .
Near Ranch , there is an average coffee shop that is highly priced and serves English food . It is called Wildwood
The Golden Palace is a low - cost coffee shop that serves British - style breakfast near the river .
The Wrestlers is not family - friendly and has received 5 out of 5 for customer rating .
Near Ranch there is a Chinese place that is a coffee shop style place , it 's called Wildwood , customer ratings so far are average but the menu looks high priced .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop offering English fare in the city centre . Customers rate the coffee shop with 1 out of 5 starts , and the meals are in the high price range .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located by the riverside located near Raja Indian Cuisine , in the city centre . It serves Chinese food and it has a high price range . It is child friendly .
The Wrestlers is Children Friendly near The Sorrento with customer rating 3 out of 5 .
In the city centre near The Sorrento , a coffee shop known as The Mill offers Chinese food at a moderate price range .
Clowns is a coffee shop that has English food that has a average customer rate . It is in the area of city centre and near Clare Hall .
The Golden Palace restaurant is a coffee shop that serves English food that is in the city centre that is moderate in price and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
In the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine , there is a non kids friendly coffee shop named , The Wrestlers . The price range is moderate and they have English food .
There is an expensive coffee shop named The Golden Palace that provides Chinese food and is located in the riverside . It has a high price range and an average customer rating .
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food with a price range of over £ 30 . The customer rating is high and it 's located on a nice riverside . It isn 't child - friendly and is located near Burger King .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop serving English food with a high customer rating are children friendly and on the riverside , situated near the Crowne Plaza Hotel
Cocum is a high priced coffee shop that also serves Chinese food .
The Punter , located in City Centre , is not family friendly and has a really low rating .
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves English food . It is child friendly and its price range is moderate . The Punter has a rating of 3 out of 5 , and is located near Café Sicilia .
The Cambridge Blue in Riverside is kid friendly and even near a Burger King . It 's a coffee shop and yes , it 's kid friendly .
The Punter is an English food coffee shop near Café Sicilia . It is high priced and not kid friendly with a 1 out of 5 star rating .
There is a place called The Phoenix near the city centre with an average customer rating .
Rated just 1 out of 5 , the family friendly The Eagle is located in riverside near Café Brazil .
The Eagle is child friendly , with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . We are located near Café Brazil in the riverside area .
In the riverside area , near The Sorrento there is a moderately priced , English coffee shop named The Mill .
The Eagle is not children friendly , but if you are in riverside near Burger King , it 's an option for English food . It is an expensive coffee shop with average ratings .
In the city centre is the coffee shop Fitzbillies , with Chinese food , a high customer Rating and a price Range more than £ 30 and not child Friendly .
The Wrestlers children friendly restaurant is rated 1 out of 5 .
Chinese food serving , cheap coffee shop in the city centre , Fitzbillies , is family friendly and rated 5 out of 5 by customers .
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre . Its customer rating is low .
Cocum is an English coffee shop . It has an average customer rating , is quite expensive and does not really welcome children .
In the riverside area you will find The Eagle , near Café Brazil .
The Punter coffee Shop provides Chinese food starting at £ 30 . Customer Rating high , children are welcome , everything near to Café Sicilia .
Cocum Café serves Chinese food at moderate prices with a 4 rating not suitable for children .
The Wrestlers is a family unfriendly low rated place
The mid priced coffee shop Cocum is a family friendly shop that is mid priced
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King serving English food at a moderate price . It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and it is not kids - friendly .
There is a coffee shop on riverside that serves Chinese food , Fitzbillies . It is child friendly and customer ratings are high . Their price range is £ 20 - 25 .
Chinese food is served at Cotto located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms . This coffee shop is cheap and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves English food and is child - friendly , with an average customer rating it is located in Riverside .
The Eagle , rated at a 3 out of 5 and located on the riverside near Burger King , is a coffee shop that also serves Chinese food at a moderate price but is not a kid friendly place .
In riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is a restaurant called The Wrestlers . A coffee shop that serves Chinese food for £ 20 - 25 .
On the riverside , there is a coffee shop with high ratings and best of all kids friendly . It is called The Cambridge Blue and is located near Burger King .
There is a Family restaurant named The Wrestlers that is 5 rating in my opinion .
Alimentum is a children - friendly spot near Burger King in Riverside .
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop located in the city centre . It has Chinese food and is not family friendly and is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is located in the riverside . It is near The Portland Arms . Its customer rating is average .
The Cricketers serves English food . It has is an average customer rating but is not a family - friendly venue . It is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms .
There is a riverside coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine called The Wrestlers , that serves Chinese food in the high price range . This venue is not suited for families with children .
The Eagle is a cheap English coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King . it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is family - friendly .
Near Café Brazil , in the city centre is a popular restaurant called The Eagle . It is not suitable for families .
in the river side The Punter has an average customer rating and is family friendly .
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly coffee shop in the riverside area that serves Chinese food at a moderate price with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
Clowns is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop serving English food in the city centre near Clare Hall .
Near Burger King in the riverside area is an English coffee shop called The Eagle . They are not conducive for kids , but the prices are between £ 20 - 25 and they highly rated .
English coffee shop , Fitzbillies , has customers raving about their food , service , and moderate pricing . It is located in Riverside .
The Eagle is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food . It is not kid friendly and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating . It is located by Burger King in the riverside area .
Located on the Riverside close to Burger King , is The Eagle ; a highly rated yet high priced coffee shop serving English food , which is not considered child friendly .
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly Chinese coffee shop in city centre . They have high customer ratings and average prices .
The Browns Cambridge is kids friendly coffee shop that serves English food . It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel and has a high customer rating .
The Eagle coffee shop is a coffee shop with a high customer rating which is situated in the city centre near the Burger King . It serves English food and the price range is above average . It is not suitable for children .
For a family friendly , English coffee shop , try Aromi on the riverside . Customers rate it 5 out of 5 .
Family Friendly The Wrestlers , near The Sorrento has a low customer rating .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop . It has English food , family friendly . It is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel , riverside , and customer rating is average .
The Punter is a riverside , kid friendly area , with a rating of 3 out of 5 .
Cocum is a coffee shop on a campus offering breakfast foods .
The Cricketers is a 3 star coffee shop serving British food . It is family friendly and is located near The Portland Arms .
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food near the riverside and the Crowne Plaza Hotel . It is not family friendly .
The Eagle is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food . It is cheaply priced , family friendly , and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . It is located riverside near Burger King .
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £ 20 price range . It is near Ranch . Its customer rating is low .
The Eagle is an English coffee shop which is child friendly , has a high price range but has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . It is located by the riverside near a Burger King .
Browns Cambridge is a child friendly English coffee shop that is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area . It has a rating of 1 out of 5 .
Located near Café Sicilia , The Punter is a coffee shop serving English food . They have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and aren 't child friendly .
The Mill is a high price store located near The Sorrento and its are is in riverside
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms . It has low ratings and most food is less than 20 Euro .
There is a cheap family - friendly coffee shop called Cocum . It serves British food and has a customer rating of one out of five .
There is a coffee shop on the river called The Wrestlers located near Raja Indian Cuisine . It is family friendly and mid price ranged .
The Eagle is a coffee shop which serves English food and is located in the city centre near Burger King . It is family - friendly , has meals less than 20 pounds , but has a low customer rating .
Here is a Café called The Eagle , located near Café Brazil , in the riverside region .
At the riverside there is a friendly family place called Alimentum
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the Riverside Area is Travellers Rest Beefeater with a 5 out of 5 rating .
Family friendly , The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento and has a low customer rating .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop . It has a 1 out of 5 customer rating and serves Chinese food . It 's located in the city centre and is moderately priced .
Fitzbillies coffee shop is located in the city Centre . They sell cheap Chinese food with and average customer rating . They are also family friendly .
In riverside , conveniently located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel , is a coffee shop called Browns Cambridge . Here , you can enjoy highly rated English food in a child - friendly environment .
The Wrestlers , located near The Sorrento , is child friendly and has a high customer rating .
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop in the city centre , near Raja Indian Cuisine . It serves Chinese food and does not welcome children .
The Eagle coffee shop by the river , rated one star and on the pricey side for it 's British food . Kids welcome and Burger King is just don the road .
Fitzbillies is a moderate priced coffee shop in the riverside area that sells Chinese food . It is kids Friendly and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating ,
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is located in the riverside . It is near The Portland Arms . Its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
The Wrestlers is a child friendly restaurant situated near The Sorrento
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre , it serves English food . It has a cheap price range and is not family - friendly .
There is a coffee shop call Cotto in the city centre near to The Portland Arms . The English food is expensive and it has a low customer rating .
There is a low rated coffee shop Aromi in the city centre that is not family - friendly .. It provides French food .
An average rated coffee shop , Cotto , located near The Portland Arms in the city centre serves Chinese food at a cheap price .
For moderately priced Chinese food , there is The Eagle . It is located in the city centre near the Burger King . Their customer rating is 1 out of 5 and it is not child friendly .
Cocum is a child - friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food at higher than average ranges , It has a one out of five customer rating .
The Wrestlers is near The Sorrento , is kid friendly and has a high customer rating .
The Eagle offers Japanese food and coffee shop with cheap price near Burger King in riverside .
For a 5 of 5 customer rating , try Midsummer House near The Bakers .
The Eagle is an English coffee shop in the city center near Burger King . The prices are quite high for an averagely rated place but it is child - friendly .
By the riverside is a rated 3 out of 5 place called The Phoenix
The Cambridge Blue is a child friendly , high customer rating coffee shop near Burger King in Riverside .
Cotto is located near The Portland Arms . It is a inexpensive coffee shop .
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop near The Sorrento on the river .
The Eagle is an English coffee shop that costs more than £ 30 . It is not children friendly , but it has a high customer rating . It is in the city centre , near the Burger King .
coffee may be found in a kid friendly atmosphere in The Cambridge Blue , a coffee shop found in the riverside area near Burger King , where customer rating is high .
Near Café Brazil in the Riverside area is The Eagle . It has a high customer rating and is children friendly .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food with a price range of less than £ 20 . It is located in the center of the city near the Raja Indian Cuisine and is family friendly .
There is a high priced Chinese coffee shop The Punter near Café Sicilia . Average rating and kid friendly .
A coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue is near Burger King and the riverside and is kid friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
A cheap coffee shop , The Golden Palace , has a 5 out of 5 customer rating , sells English food , and is located in the riverside area .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near The Portland Arms . Its customer rating is low .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre . It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel . Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
Located near Burger King in the city centre is the coffee shop , The Cambridge Blue . It is not family - friendly but has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is near Café Sicilia . Its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
The Eagle is an English family friendly coffee shop near Burger King on the riverside . It has a cheap price range and average customer rating .
Alimentum is not family - friendly . It is located near Burger King in riverside .
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that is family friendly . It is near Burger King and in the are riverside . It is rated as low .
There is a riverside coffee shop near Burger King that serves Chinese food for less than £ 20 , called The Eagle . This venue has been given low ratings and does not accommodate families .
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is located in the city centre . It is near Burger King . Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
The Eagle is rated 3 out of 5 in customer satisfaction , with a child friendly atmosphere . Located near Café Brazil in the riverside area .
A family friendly place near the riverside is called Alimentum .
The kids friendly restaurant The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento . It has an average customer rating .
On the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine , is Travellers Rest Beefeater with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
A 1 star non family restaurant is The Punter .
The Eagle is located near Café Brazil in city centre . It is family - friendly with low customer rating .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre . It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel . Its customer rating is average .
Cocum is a low price restaurant with higher rating that offers breakfast meals for the whole family .
Customer Rating 5 out of 5 close to Raja Indian Cuisine , Travellers Rest Beefeater , city centre .
There is an English coffee shop named Wildwood located near Ranch with high price ranges .
Despite having a low customer rating , The Eagle is a family - friendly English coffee shop with meals less than 20 pounds . It is located in the city centre near Burger King .
The Golden Palace is an expensive coffee shop in the riverside area which serves Chinese food . It has an average customer rating .
Aromi is a coffee shop and restaurant that is family restaurant located north of the City center .
The Golden Palace is an English coffee Shop in the city centre which is cheap in price but has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving Chinese . The Rating is a 1 out of 5 , but it is kid friendly . Located near The Portland Arms .
The Eagle is a family friendly place riverside near Café Brazil . It has an average customer rating .
There is an average coffee shop The Eagle located near Burger King . It offers breakfast for the family .
Near the city centre there is a restaurant with a high average rating called The Golden Palace . It is a coffee shop serving Chinese food and the average cost is £ 30 .
Taste of Cambridge is a family - oriented coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area . Chinese food is served at Taste of Cambridge .
The Mill is an upscale breakfast style coffee shop that is located next to The Sorrento .
There is a cheap coffee shop , Fitzbillies , that offers English food and is friendly to families . It has average ratings and is located in the center of the city .
Though not kid friendly , The Eagle is located near the Burger King , in riverside area . This coffee shop has Chinese food in a moderate price range and is rated 3 out of 5 .
There is a coffee shop The Cricketers that serves Chinese food near The Portland Arms which is child friendly and has a rating 1 out of 5 stars .
The Eagle is a coffee shop which serves English food for less than £ 20 but has a low customer rating . It is located near Burger King in riverside
If you are looking for great English coffee that has an average customer rating and is kid friendly then go to Aromi , the coffee shop located in Riverside
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating . It is in the riverside area , but not family friendly .
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King by the riverside that is family friendly with an average customer rating
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with a Chinese menu . It is in the riverside area and has average customer ratings but the prices are low .
The Eagle is located in the city centre near Café Brazil with a good family - friendly atmosphere with an average customer rating .
With an average customer rating , Cocum coffee shop serves high prices Chinese food . It is not child friendly .
The Phoenix has a low customer rate and is located in riverside .
Wildwood coffee shop near Ranch serves cheap Chinese food , but has a low customer rating .
The Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop . They offer English food . It is located in the Riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel .
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine is the Travellers Rest Beefeater in the city centre which has an average rating .
Located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine , The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves English food within a moderate price range and is kid friendly .
Yes , this restaurant is child friendly where they serve English food . This place is called Fitzbillies after the owners . They recently relocated to city centre where the area rates 1 out of 5 . They are surrounded by a coffee shop and retail stores where the prices are high .
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area . It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . Yes it is children friendly .
A restaurant with a rating of 5 out of 5 that is children friendly is known as The Wrestlers .
The Wrestlers is a one star children - friendly restaurant .
Cocum is a non - family friendly coffee shop with a low price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Located near Café Sicilia , The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop . Although customer ratings are low , it offers Chinese for less than £ 20 .
The highly rated , kid friendly Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food at an average price point in the riverside area .
Cocum is a coffee shop featuring Chinese food at a moderate price . Customers rate this 3 out of 5 and it 's child friendly .
The Wrestlers is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre area . It is family - friendly and has a price range of less than £ 20 . It serves English food and is a coffee shop .
Browns Cambridge offers English food and it has low customer rating . There is no family area . It is located in the riverside , near to Crowne Plaza Hotel .
With a rating of 1 out of 5 , Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop with moderate prices . It is located in the city centre and is kid friendly .
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop in price range more than £ 30 . It have high rating and children friendly . It is located in the city centre .
The Eagle is an English coffee shop . It is located in the city centre near Burger King . It has a high customer rating and the price range is from £ 20 - 25 . It is not kid friendly .
riverside restaurant The Punter children customer Rating very low .
The Eagle is an excellent , non family - friendly coffee shop that also serves Chinese food . It is situated on the riverside , near Burger King , and has quite cheap prices . It is a customer - favourite with a rating of 5 out of 5 .
In the city centre area , there is a coffee shop called Aromi that serves traditional English food . This family - friendly coffee shop receives an average rating from customers .
Family unfriendly low rated place named The Wrestlers
With average customer ratings , Browns Cambridge coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside offers English food and a child friendly environment .
Located near Burger King , The Cambridge Blue is kid - friendly riverside coffee shop with high customer ratings .
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating located near Burger King in riverside
Browns Cambridge is located near Crown Plaza Hotel in riverside . It 's a coffee shop that serves English food and is kid friendly but only rated 1 out of 5 .
Near The Portland Arms in the center of the city lies Cotto , a highly rated , inexpensive , English coffee shop .
riverside , Travellers Rest Beefeater , near Raja Indian Cuisine , scores a 1 out of 5 .
Rated 1 out of 5 . The Eagle is near Café Brazil . Yes it is Kid friendly .
A child friendly venue with high ratings is The Wrestlers .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near to Raja Indian Cuisine which resides in the riverside are . It 's child friendly and serves English food . The price range is high
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area . It is not family friendly and has a low customer rating .
In the riverside area , near Clare Hall , a coffee shop with Chinese food , Clowns , has an average customer Rating .
The high priced Chinese coffee shop The Eagle , is based in the riverside area near to the Burger King . It is not child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
A coffee shop called Browns Cambridge provides English food and is near to Crown Plaza Hotel . It is kids friendly and is by the riverside with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Browns Cambridge is a kids friendly coffee shop located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
The Eagle coffee shop with high price range with Chinese food is near Burger King .
The Eagle is a children - friendly restaurant near Café Brazil in Riverside . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
Aromi has a low rating they are in the Riverside area , they have food and coffee . They are family friendly .
A cheap coffee shop in riverside with a 5 out of 5 customer rating is Fitzbillies . Fitzbillies is family friendly and serves English food .
There is a kid - friendly restaurant in riverside near the Burger King named Alimentum .
Burger King is children friendly in the riverside area and has an average customer rating as opposed to a coffee shop with English food and a high price range called The Eagle .
Cocum is a cheap English non family - friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating
Near Raja Indian Cuisine is a riverside coffee shop serving English food called The Wrestlers . The prices are moderate and it is kid friendly .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near The Portland Arms . Its customer rating is average .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food . It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is family friendly . It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area .
Cotto is a low rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food for less than £ 20 in the riverside area near The Portland Arms .
Fitzbillies three - star coffee shop provides dine in at high price range .
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . It is kid friendly and is located near The Portland Arms .
Cocum is a coffee shop with a 1 star rating . It is family friendly and offers British food in a low price range .
Cotto is an English coffee shop near The Portland Arms with a moderate price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating in the city centre .
The Mill is a coffee shop serving English food with a price range of more than £ 30 , located near The Sorrento
The Eagle is a coffee chop providing Chinese food for under £ 20 . Its customer rating is low , it is located in the city center . and is not family friendly . it is near Burger King .
The coffee shop Cocum serves Chinese food at a price of £ 20 - 25 . The restaurant is highly rated and is kid friendly .
Cocum is an English coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . They have cheap meals but are not family - friendly .
The Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the riverside area sells English food for a moderate price and a rating of 1 out of 5 stars .
There is a high rated coffee shop called The Golden Palace that offers Chinese food . It 's prices are above average and it is located in the city centre .
The Eagle is a coffee shop that also serves Chinese food . The price range is moderate and rated a 3 out of 5 by customers . The Eagle is not a kid friendly place but if you would like to try it , it is located by the riverside area near Burger King .
Cocum is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food . It is family friendly and has a average customer rating
The Cambridge Blue has an average customer rating . It is a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area .
If you 're looking for a child friendly coffee shop that serves English food , try The Punter near Café Sicilia . Pricing on the high end , customers have rated the Café 1 out of 5 .
Aromi , coffee shop , Chinese food , customer rating average , city centre , no children
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with cheap English food that is a childless atmosphere located in the riverside area with low customer ratings .
A coffee shop by the riverside , The Golden Palace , serves average price range , highly rated Chinese food .
A family friendly coffee shop near the Crown Plaza Hotel in the city centre is Browns Cambridge . It is low rated .
With a rating of 1 out of 5 , Cocum is a coffee shop serving high priced English food
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food in a low price with a low customer rating .
The Eagle , a child - friendly restaurant , is riverside and has a 3 out of 5 rating . It is located near Café Brazil .
The Golden Palace is an average rated restaurant with low prices . It is next to the river and serves breakfast .
The city centre has a family - friendly restaurant named Alimentum .
Wildwood coffee shop at Ranch is a five star rated food spot that offers good meal bargains .
The Eagle ate at the coffee shop with his English family for less than £ 20 at Burger King near riverside at low no .
Near to Café Sicilia is the The Punter . This coffee shop serves English food and is family friendly but has low ratings . The food is usually under £ 20 .
Cocum is a family friendly cheap coffee shop that offers Chinese food . It has an average customer rating .
The Mill is a riverside coffee shop that serves English food near The Sorrento at a price rage of £ 20 - 25 .
The coffee shop Browns Cambridge serves Chinese food . It is not family friendly and has a low customer service rating . It 's located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop with Chinese food . They are family friendly and have decent prices . They are near the riverside by Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Alimentum is a family - friendly place in the city centre .
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop with 5 out of 5 ratings , family friendly , serves English food , and is located in the riverside area .
A coffee shop in the riverside area near the Burger King is The Cambridge Blue . It has a low customer rating and isn 't family - friendly .
There is a coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge which serves English food , is kid friendly , and is in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food within the high price range . It is located in the city centre and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
Midsummer House is a venue with a low rating located near The Bakers .
Rated 5 out of 5 , Travellers Rest Beefeater is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine . It offers English food with a moderate price range . It is not a kid friendly establishment .
There is a high priced coffee shop in the city centre called Fitzbillies that serves Chinese food , has a 1 out of 5 customer rating and is not child friendly .
coffee shop meets Chinese food at Cocum , where the cheap prices earns 5 out of 5 stars and is family friendly .
The Browns Cambridge is near Crowne Plaza Hotel . It is a kids friendly coffee shop that serves English food with a high customer rating
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £ 20 - 25 price range . It is located in the riverside . It is near Burger King . Its customer rating is high .
We are a family friendly coffee shop called Fitzbillies . We sell cheap Chinese food and have a rating of 5
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is located in the city centre . Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine at riverside you can find a place called Travellers Rest Beefeater , they have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
near The Sorrento there is a Chinese coffee shop called The Mill that is expensive : more than £ 30 . located on the riverside you can enjoy a cup of coffee while looking onto a beautiful landscape .
The Cricketers coffee shop serves Chinese food and is a child friendly venue near The Portland Arms . It has poor customer ratings .
The Golden Palace is a somewhat expensive , somewhat well rated coffee shop near the river .
The Mill is a coffee shop that offers English food in the mid price range . Its located near The Sorrento in Riverside .
Across from The Portland Arms is a family 5 star coffee shop called The Cricketers .
The Wrestlers is child friendly with a high customer rating
The Wrestlers coffee shop has Chinese food and is kids friendly . It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine with a high price range .
Cotto Chinese coffee shop serves cheap food with average customer ratings , it is by the river near to The Portland Arms .
There is a highly - rated English coffee shop in riverside . The prices at Fitzbillies are low , but they are not family - friendly .
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area with low customer ratings .
Browns Cambridge is an average rated coffee shop serving Chinese food . It is located by the riverside , near to the Crowne Plaza Hotel and is family friendly
The Phoenix has excellent ratings and is located in Riverside .
There is a non children friendly Chinese coffee shop in Riverside called The Fitzbillies . It is in the high price range and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
The Cricketers coffee shop suffers from poor customer ratings but provides a child friendly venue serving Chinese food near The Portland Arms
Come eat at the 3 out of 5 rated , kid friendly restaurant called The Wrestlers .
Near Ranch is a British coffee shop called Wildwood . It has low prices and a customer rating of three out of five .
The Eagle is a coffee shop with Chinese food in the city centre near Burger King . It is not family friendly , has a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
The Punter its a great place on riverside , has an average rating but not good for family
On the riverside , Fitzbillies coffee shop serves reasonably price 3 star English food . Kids welcome .
With a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and offering cheap English food The Fitzbillies is a adult coffee shop in the riverside area .
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue with an average rating .
No kids in The Wrestlers , it is a Chinese coffee shop , on the riverside near the Raja Indian Cuisine , fairly moderate prices .
A kids friendly venue with a low rating is called The Wrestlers .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is located in the city centre . Its customer rating is average .
Cocum is an low priced coffee shop but is not family - friendly . It serves English food but has a low rating .
The Punter coffee shop is kid friendly and near the Café Sicilia . It has Chinese food with a price range between 20 to 25 . It is highly rated .
The Eagle is one - star and not family friendly . It is located near Café Brazil .
a moderately priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food in riverside near The Portland Arms is called Cotto
Wildwood is an English coffee shop with an average customer rating . It 's highly priced and located near Ranch .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves English style food . It is moderately priced and kid friendly . It is located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine .
An English serving child friendly coffee shop in Riverside is Taste of Cambridge near Crown Plaza Hotel
The Golden Palace coffee shop offer English food located near city center with a high price range .
The Eagle has an average customer rating , is family - friendly , and is located in the city centre near Café Brazil
The Travellers Rest Beefeater near Raja Indian Cuisine is based on the riverside area and has an average customer rating .
It is by the Ranch and it is average . It is called the Wildwood . It serves English food for cheap and it has a coffee shop .
You will find a cheap coffee shop suited for couples in the city center near Burger King named The Eagle That serves English Food and has been rated 5 out of 5 .
Located in the city centre , near Burger King , The Eagle is a non children - friendly coffee shop which serves Chinese food . It has a price range of more than £ 30 and high customer ratings .
The Eagle , near Burger King in the city centre area , is a highly priced coffee shop which is not child friendly and has a poor rating from its customers .
The Wrestlers is non family - friendly with an average customer rating .
The Punter is a child friendly restaurant along the riverside with high customer ratings .
Cotto serves English food in a coffee shop . It is located in the city centre area near The Portland Arms with average ratings
Browns Cambridge with an average customer rating is an English coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre .
Cocum is a combination Chinese food and coffee shop . It is moderately priced but has poor reviews , and not for kids .
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food . It is located in the riverside near the Clare Hall and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves English food and has a high customer rating .. They are near Clare Hall in the riverside area .
A moderate price with a customer rating 3 out of 5 , The Eagle is an English restaurant near Burger King in the center of the city for the kids .
The highly - rated family - friendly coffee shop , Aromi , offers Chinese food in the riverside area .
There is a coffee shop called The Eagle that provides Chinese food in the price range of £ 20- £ 25 it is in the city centre near Burger King and isn 't kids friends .
Alimentum is a family friendly establishment in the riverside area near the Burger King .
Taste of Cambridge is an English coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel on the riverside . Kids are welcome .
Customer gives The Punter a rating of 3 out of 5 because its a Children - friendly place and located at the riverside .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop offering Chinese cuisine in the high price range . They are located in the city centre with an average customer rating .
The Punter is a English food coffee shop that is not family - friendly near Café Sicilia with a low customer rating . Price range is less than £ 20 .
There is a coffee shop in the riverside area near The Portland Arms called Cotto that serves Chinese food . It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and customers can eat for cheap .
Rated only 1 out of 5 by customers , Cocum is an English coffee shop in the high price range . It is not children friendly .
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant found near The Sorrento . It has a low customer rating .
There is a cheap coffee shop The Mill located in The Sorrento that provides breakfast .
The Ranch has an average rating . It is the Wildwood and serves English food for cheap . It also has a coffee shop in it .
Cocum is a family friendly coffee shop in the cheap price range . The customer rating is average .
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre . It is near Clare Hall . Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced , highly rated coffee shop located near City centre .
Cotto is an English coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms .
Wildwood is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . It is located near Ranch .
The coffee Shop Cotto is within walking distance of The Portland Arms .
Near The Portland Arms is The Cricketers coffee shop . They serve English food . They are rated 1 out 5 and are not family friendly .
Midsummer House is a restaurant that has received low consumer ratings . It is near The Bakers .
At riverside near The Sorrento , there is a coffee shop called The Mill that serves Chinese food in the price range of more than 30 euros
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Indian food near Clare Hall and located within the city centre and has an overall average customer rating .
The Wrestlers is an expensive coffee shop and that serves Chinese food located near the riverside Raja Indian Cuisine , it is not appropriate for children .
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £ 20 price range . It is located in the city centre . It is near Burger King . Its customer rating is low .
Cocum is a non - kid - friendly coffee shop with high customer ratings that also offers Chinese food in the price range of £ 20 - 25 .
A family - friendly English coffee ship near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre is The Taste of Cambridge .
The Phoenix is located in the city centre and has a low customer rating .
A cheap , but excellent place of Chinese food is the Fitzbillies . This family - friendly coffee shop is located on the riverside .
Try Aromi for a low rated , family friendly coffee shop that offers Chinese food in the riverside area .
The Wrestlers is rated 1 out of 5 by customers , but is a child - friendly venue .
Near The Portland Arms is The Cricketers . It is a coffee shop serving Chinese food . A 1 out of 5 rating that is also kid friendly .
Alimentum city centre is family - friendly
The Golden Palace coffee shop on the riverfront offers typical English food . They offer a five star experience with low prices .
The Punter is a children friendly venue in the Riverside area with a high customer rating .
Cheap Chinese food can be found in the The Golden Palace coffee shop . It has a high customer rating .
Located near The Bakers , with a poor customer rating , is Midsummer House
An moderately rated English coffee shop called Cotto is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms has pretty good prices .
The Eagle , just off the river by Café Brazil , is a poor choice of a place to take a family .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the cities centre with a high customer rating . However it 's not very child friendly and the price range is above 30 euro .
There 's a cheap , family friendly coffee shop called The Eagle near to Burger King in the riverside area . It serves Chinese food and has an average customer rating .
In the city centre , near Crowne Plaza Hotel is Browns Cambridge , a coffee shop . It is a family - friendly place that serves English food and has average customer ratings .
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves English food . It is located in Riverside near The Sorrento . They are moderately priced .
The Wrestlers is a family friendly mid price range coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
Aromi is a coffee shop that provides English food in the riverside area . It is friendly for kids and the customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
The Punter is a child friendly venue with a 1 out of 5 rating in riverside .
A family - friendly coffee shop with average customer reviews , Browns Cambridge serves English food and can be found in the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel .
There is a coffee shop in the city center called Aromi that offers food , is family - friendly and has a five star customer service rating .
Looking for a place where you can take the whole family for a bite to eat . The Wrestlers is a fantastic spot to go with a high customer rating it will cater for all your needs .
An average rated , child friendly restaurant at Riverside is The Punter .
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop in the river side . It near The Portland Arms . Price range is £ 20 - 25 and high rating .
In the riverside , near to Crowne Plaza Hotel is located a coffee shop named Browns Cambridge that offers English food and it has low customer rating . There is no family area .
Wildwood is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food . It is located near Ranch . It has a price range of £ 20 - 25 and has a high customer rating .
The Eagle is a child friendly coffee shop on the riverside . If you are hungry you can eat their Chinese food for £ 20- £ 25 . It gets a high customer rating and is suitable for kids . Find it located near Burger King .
Located in the riverside area the Alimentum is kid friendly .
The Phoenix at riverside is not highly rated .
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre . They have an average customer rating and re not family - friendly .
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is near Café Sicilia . Its customer rating is average .
located near Ranch Wildwood coffee shop serves English food with a low customer rating prices are less than £ 20
The Cambridge Blue is a family - friendly coffee shop near Burger King . It is in the city centre and received a 5 out of 5 rating .
Near the riverside is the highly - rated establishment , The Phoenix .
The Cambridge Blue , a kid friendly coffee shop , is rated 1 out of 5 and located in Riverside near Burger King .
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced and child friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area . It serves English food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
In the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel there is a family friendly coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge . They serve Chinese food .
The Aromi is a coffee shop which serves English food in the city centre , it is not family - friendly also has an average customer rating .
The Punter is kid friendly , located in the riverside area , and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Situated at the riverside , The Phoenix has a customer rating of average .
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food . It is situated in the riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel .
There is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves Chinese food at Cocum . They are kids friendly with a rating of 1 out of 5 .
A coffee shop near The Sorrento in riverside that serves Chinese food in the moderate price range is The Mill .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop with Chinese food , has a customer Rating 1 out of 5 , in the riverside area . It is children Friendly and near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
Cotto coffee shop is a low - priced Chinese restaurant in Riverside near The Portland Arms .
The Eagle is a not so Children Friendly English coffee shop located in the city centre which has a high price range and customer rating of 1 out of 5 near Burger King
In the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel is a non family - friendly coffee shop called Browns Cambridge . It serves English food with an average customer rating .
If you want a low - priced coffee shop on the riverside , then try The Wrestlers . This family - friendly coffee shop also serves Chinese food and it is located near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving English food in the city centre . The price range is high and the customer rating is average .
Highly rated Chinese coffee shop , Cocum , welcomes children .
The Wrestlers has a low customer rating and is not family friendly .
There is a low customer rating coffee shop that provides Chinese food located in Riverside . Aromi is family friendly .
There is a English coffee shop family friend and customers rate 1 out of 5 called The Cricketers located near by The Portland Arms
Travellers Rest Beefeater near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre is average .
In the city centre you will find Fitzbillies , a kid friendly English coffee shop that has a rating of 1 out of 5 .
For English food with a high customer Rating , kids Friendly and a price range of £ 20 - 25 , visit The Punter , a coffee shop near Café Sicilia .
The Cricketers is not a family - friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms . It has low customer ratings but they serve English food .
A kids friendly restaurant , The Eagle , has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is located near Café Brazil
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and riverside , the 5 out of 5 English coffee shop Browns Cambridge , is no kid friendly .
Aromi coffee shop makes Chinese food , maintains an average customer service rating and are located in the city centre , service is geared towards adult clients not families .
The Punter is an average family friendly spot in riverside .
Aromi is a highly recommended coffee shop that has exquisite breakfast options .
The Eagle coffee shop , near Burger King , serves high - end Chinese food , It has a riverside location , average reviews and is not suitable for children
In the city center , near Raja Indian Cuisine , The Wrestlers coffee shop dishes out high class Chinese eats , with an atmosphere that is not children friendly .
The Golden Palace is a low rated coffee shop in the city centre . It serves English food for under £ 20 .
The Wildwood coffee chop near Ranch street has great value food . I go there almost everyday .
Alimentum is not a family - friendly arena and is located in the city centre .
This a restaurant near Raja Indian Cuisine , customer Rating 5 out of 5 , Travellers Rest Beefeater , center of the city .
A coffee shop named ' Fitzbillies ' serves English Food in the riverside area , is child friendly with a high price range .
The Punter is a family - friendly restaurant in the city centre with a five out of five customer rating .
Aromi is a coffee shop providing quality drinks at a very low price . It is opened to all age groups .
The Golden Palace is a 3 - star , fairly high - priced coffee shop located South of the river , but north of City Centre .
The Golden Palace coffee shop serves Chinese food for £ 20- £ 25 . It has a high customer rating and is in the riverside area .
The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop in the moderate price range , It is located in the city centre and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
The Wrestlers is family friendly with a moderate approval rating .
The Eagle is a coffee chop with Chinese food . They have higher prices and a rating of 1 out of 5 . They are along the riverside near Burger King and allow children .
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the moderate price range . They serve Chinese food at a moderate price . They are kid friendly and located in the city centre near Burger King . The Eagle is rated 1 of 5 .
Clowns has a rating of 3 out of 5 nearby the Clare Hall .
The Wrestlers , a family - friendly coffee shop offers English food at affordable prices . The Wrestlers is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Punter is a kid friendly restaurant in the area of Riverside that has a customer rating of 1 .
The Wrestlers is a family friendly environment with an average rating .
Located near Burger King by the river , The Cambridge Blue is a kid friendly coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
The Golden Palace is an English style coffee shop located in the city centre . It has a low customer rating and is moderately priced .
Travellers Rest Beefeater is located near Raja Indian Cuisine with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
The Eagle is a coffee shop offering Chinese food . It is in the high price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . It is located by the riverside , near a Burger King . It is not children friendly .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine by riverside there is an English coffee shop called The Wrestlers . It has prices lower than £ 20 and is family friendly .
The Eagle , located in the city centre , is an English food and coffee shop located near Burger King . Customers have rated it as average , with a cheap price range , and the establishment is kid - friendly .
Family friendly and inexpensive coffee shop The Eagle , is near to the river and Burger King .
The restaurant Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food for a high price . It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , it is located in the city centre and is not kid friendly .
There is a cheap , English food serving coffee shop called Cocum that is family friendly and has an average customer rating
There is a riverside restaurant called Alimentum which is child friendly .
Cocum is a high priced coffee shop with English food . It is children friendly with a 1 out of 5 rating .
Clowns coffee shop is located near Clare Hall on the riverside . it serves English food and has been rated as 1 out of 5
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre . It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
Cocum us a coffee shop serving English food at a moderate price range , is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
The Mill is a coffee shop near The Sorrento . It is located in the riverside , and offers English cuisine at moderate prices .
Aromi is a coffee shop that offers English food . It is family - friendly . Customer Ratings are average . It is located in the city center .
The Wrestlers is child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . It is near The Sorrento .
The Eagle is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food costing more than 30 pounds . It has a high customer rating , and in the middle of town . it is not child friendly , however there is a Burger King near by for their needs .
Located in Riverside , near Café Brazil , The Eagle is a child friendly location with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Browns Cambridge serves English food in a coffee shop . Rated 5 out of 5 stars . It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel and in the city centre area . It is not family - friendly .
Aromi is a child friendly coffee shop which serves English food . It 's by the riverside and has a high customer rating .
Being beside the river , Alimentum is a family friendly place .
The Wrestlers , near The Sorrento , is children friendly and has an average customer rating .
The Wrestlers is a children friendly place with a 3 out of 5 rating near The Sorrento
The Cricketers is an average rated coffee shop that serves English food . It is located near The Portland Arms and is not family - friendly .
The Eagle is an average English coffee shop located in city centre near Burger King . It is highly rated by customers and is kids friendly .
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop which serves English food within a price range of less than £ 20 , but has low customer rating . It is located near Burger King in the riverside area .
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop with an average rating located in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
Made for grown up evenings out , The Punter is 5 out of 5 not only for location , by the riverside but for the food .
A family friendly restaurant with 5 out of 5 customer ratings is The Punter . It is along the riverside .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range . It is located in the city centre . Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
One family friendly venue is The Wrestlers . It is averagely rated . Near Café Rouge is a Japanese , family friendly place called The Golden Curry . It is riverside and has high customer ratings .
Cocum is an adult oriented Chinese food coffee shop , while it is not kid friendly , this 1 out of 5 rated eatery has moderate prices .
Fitzbillies is a moderately - priced coffee shop which serves English food . It is located in the city centre . However , kids are not allowed .
Their is a child friendly venue near The Sorrento named The Wrestlers .
Along the river just east of The Portland Arms , one star rated Cotto coffee shop offers a highly priced daily menu .
The Punter is a kid friendly place to eat in the riverside area . Customer have rated it highly .
The Punter near Café Sicilia is a child friendly coffee shop where you can get English food but expect to pay for the average service .
coffee shop and Chinese food , The Mill in the City Centre near The Sorrento , has a price range of less than £ 20 .
Located in Riverside near The Sorrento , The Mill is a cheap coffee shop which provides English food .
The Eagle is a family - friendly coffee shop that sells English food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 with cheap pricing , It is located in the city centre near Burger King
The Eagle is kid friendly and located near the Burger King . It has a price range of £ 20 - 25 , serves English food and is in the city centre . It 's a coffee shop with a high customer rating .
The Wrestlers is children friendly coffee shop that serves English food with a high price range near Raja Indian Cuisine around city centre .
The Fitzbillies is an adult coffee shop serving cheap English food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 in the riverside area .
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside . It has an average rating and can be found near Burger King .
The Eagle serves average food , it is family friendly and is located in the riverside area , near Café Brazil .
Children Friendly , The Eagle , has high customer rating . It 's near Café Brazil , in Riverside .
Near The Sorrento is a children - friendly business called The Wrestlers . It has a low customer rating .
Conveniently located in riverside is a coffee shop serving low rated Chinese food called Aromi . They are not family friendly .
Situated in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine , you 'll find a child - friendly coffee shop with Chinese food on the menu called The Wrestlers . The prices tend to be more than £ 30 .
The Eagle if a coffee shop for traditional British food . We 're near Burger King at City Centre . Join Us .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese , in the high price range . Customer rating is 1 out of 5 near riverside .
The Eagle is a restaurant in the city centre , near Café Brazil . It is not a family - friendly restaurant and has average ratings .
A kid friendly place near The Sorrento with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 named The Wrestlers .
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre . It is near Clare Hall . Its customer rating is low .
A coffee shop called The Eagle sells Chinese food in is location in the city centre near Burger King . This place isn 't child friendly and it has with a high price with and a 1 out of 5 rating .
Clowns is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Clare Hall serving fried food with a low star rating .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food . It is not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . It is located in the city centre and is moderately priced .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop type restaurant located in the city centre with a high price , with a bad kids friendly atmosphere . It offers English food and is located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Eagle is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the £ 20- £ 25 price range . It has a high customer rating and is not kid friendly . It is located in the centre of the city near Burger King .
The Eagle is in riverside near Burger King . It 's a coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . It has a moderate price range and serves English food .
A children friendly restaurant in riverside with a high customer rating is The Punter .
The Eagle serves low cost English style food . It can be found on the riverside near Burger King . While they are not family - friendly it has received 5 out of 5 in customer reviews .
The Punter is a highly - rated mid - priced Chinese coffee shop where children are welcome . It can be found near to Café Sicilia .
The Punter is a coffee shop of British food . We are near Café Sicilia and we are a familiar place . Join Us .
Cotto near The Portland Arms at the riverside was given a high customer rating . It 's a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and is typically more than £ 30 .
The Eagle is a high customer rating coffee shop that is not children friendly . It 's near the city centre and Burger King . The menu serves English food and is usually more £ 30 , but it 's worth it .
Near The Sorrento , The Wrestlers has an average customer rating and is children - friendly .
in riverside by The Portland Arms there 's a moderately priced coffee shop called Cotto with a rating of 3 out of 5 that serves Chinese food .
The Punter has a high customer rating , is kid friendly , and is near the riverside .
beside the riverside has a customer rating of average next to The Cambridge Blue round from Burger King family friendly as a coffee shop
There is an average Chinese coffee shop at the riverside that is children friendly called Aromi .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine . It is on the riverside and is child friendly . The food is English and over £ 30 .
An English coffee shop Clowns has a rating of 5 out of 5 is in the city centre near Clare Hall .
Near to Burger King in the riverside area you 'll find family friendly coffee shop The Cambridge Blue with a 5 out of 5 rating .
The Eagle is a highly rated kids friendly venue on the riverside near Café Brazil
The Aromi coffee shop has highly rated Chinese food in the riverside area and is very kid friendly .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food ; It is not family friendly , has an average customer rating , and is located near The Portland Arms .
The Cambridge Blue is a cheap coffee shop located near Burger King in city centre . Not family - friendly .
The Eagle is a coffee shop which serves moderate priced Chinese food . It is located at the riverside near Burger King but is customer rated 1 out of 5 and isn 't kid friendly .
The Wrestlers is children friendly and is rated 5 out of 5 .
Alimentum , on the riverside , is family - friendly .
Cotto is a coffee shop serving high priced English food with a 1 out of 5 customer rating situated in the city centre near The Portland Arms .
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside . It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The Wrestlers is a family - friendly restaurant near The Sorrento with a 5 out of 5 rating .
Located near Clare Hall , Clowns is a three out of five starred coffee shop .
The Eagle is a highly priced English coffee shop that has earned an average rating from its customers . Although not kid friendly it is located in the riverside area near Burger King .
An average rated coffee shop , The Cricketers , does not serve Chinese food , but it is family friendly and is situated near The Portland Arms .
Fitzbillies coffee shop , offers affordable family meal deals and is located at the City centre .
With a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop with a moderate price range in the city centre .
The Punter , located next to the Café Sicilia , offers an inexpensive get away from the busy family lives .
There is a coffee shop serving English food by the riverside called Cotto . It is expensive , has an average customer rating and is near The Portland Arms .
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop that provides British food . The high - cost restaurant is located by Café Sicilia .
Fitzbillies , located in the riverside area , is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop that in addition to being cheap , has also received a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
Fitzbillies is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area with an average customer rating . They are family friendly .
The Eagle is in the city centre near Burger King but it is not children friendly . It is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
The Golden Palace is a cheap English coffee shop located in the city centre , and it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King . Its customer rating is low and no family - friendly .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop North of City centre . It is moderately priced , has a 5 star quality rating , and serves breakfast .
Near The Sorrento The Wrestlers is Children Friendly with customer rating 3 out of 5 .
The Golden Palace in the city centre is a Chinese coffee shop in the high price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop in the low price range . It is located close to the city centre , near to Burger King
A coffee shop in the riverside area near The Portland Arms is Cotto . It is in the cheap Range and has an average customer rating .
In the city centre near Clare Hall there is a coffee shop called Clowns . It has average reviews and serves English food .
The Punter has an average customer rating , is family friendly and is located in the riverside area .
The Eagle is an English coffee shop in the town centre by Burger King , it is family - friendly rated 1 out 5 priced moderate .
Fitzbillies coffee shop is in the mid price range . It is located outside the city center .
In the city centre there is a cheap coffee shop serving English food called The Golden Palace . It is rated average by customers .
Aromi Is a coffee shop located in the centre of the city . They serve Chinese food and have a low customer rating . They are not family friendly
Clowns is a coffee shop that also serves Chinese food with an average customer rating and is located in the city near Clare Hall .
Located in the city centre , neighboring Raja Indian Cuisine , is a coffee shop styled joint called The Wrestlers . This establishment is known for its family friendly atmosphere and highly priced Chinese food .
If you are searching for a not family - friendly coffee shop that serves English food near Burger King and the city centre , The Eagle might be for you . The price range is moderate , and their customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
Near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the Riverside area is the Travellers Rest Beefeater with a low customer rating .
Cocum is a coffee shop rated 1 out of 5 . It 's not kid - friendly , but it serves English food at a moderate price .
Travellers Rest Beefeater has low customer ratings and is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine .
There is a coffee shop Fitzbillies that offers cheap Chinese food . They are rated average and not family friendly . They are located riverside .
There is a medium price range for families which is Fitzbillies coffee shop .
Clare Hall near the riverside there are two low rated restaurants , where Clowns eat - a coffee shop and a Chinese take out .
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop with inexpensive food . Although they do not allow children , they do have a high customer rating . They are near the riverside by Burger King .
The Wrestlers is a cheap family friendly English coffee shop in the riverside area near the Raja Indian Cuisine .
In riverside , The Phoenix has a low customer rating .
The Wrestlers coffee shop has Chinese food and is family friendly . It is located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine with a high price range .
Located in the city centre , Fitzbillies is a coffee shop style joint known for its moderate price range , kid friendly atmosphere , and tasty Chinese food . Overall , customers seem satisfied with the restaurant , giving it an overall rating of 3 out of 5 .
Near the Burger King is a children friendly place called Alimentum .
The Eagle is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near Burger King that features highly rated English food for 20 - 25 pounds and is not kid friendly .
The Eagle is children friendly and situated near Café Brazil near riverside . It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Fitzbillies coffee shop is a pricey , child friendly venue serving Chinese food in the riverside area . It has average customer ratings .
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves expensive Chinese food . It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . It is in the city centre near Burger King but it is not children friendly .
There is a coffee shop on riverside that serves Chinese food Aromi . It is not family friendly and is rated 5 out of 5 by customers .
The Phoenix is located in the city center . There customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
low rated Midsummer House is near The Bakers .
The Golden Palace is a cheap place to grab coffee and Chinese food in Riverside . Though don 't expect great customer service .
Fitzbillies coffee shop offers Chinese food in the low price range with customer rating of 5 out of 5 at riverside and not family friendly .
The Wrestlers has a customer rating of 3 out of 5
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop offering Chinese food in the moderate price range with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 in the riverside are .
The Alimentum is kid friendly and is located in the riverside area .
The Golden Palace is a highly rated Chinese food coffee shop in the city centre . You can get a meal for £ 20 - 25 .
There is a coffee shop The Wrestlers located near Raja Indian Cuisine . They offer Chinese food in the price range of more than £ 30 . They are children friendly and located riverside .
The Punter is a child friendly restaurant near riverside with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
The Cambridge Blue is a child friendly coffee shop located on the riverside near Burger King . Customers rate The Cambridge Blue 1 out of 5 stars .
near Raja Indian Cuisine There is a coffee shop called The Wrestlers in riverside
A coffee shop named Fitzbillies is priced higher than average , but serves Chinese food and kid friendly . The customer ratings are great and located in the city centre area .
The Golden Palace is a mid - range coffee shop located near the city centre
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop with an average customer rating . It has a high price in the city centre .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food . It is located in riverside . the price range is less than £ 20 . It has a low customer rating .
Browns Cambridge is coffee shop with low customer rating . It serves Chinese food . They are located in Riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The Wrestlers has an average customer rating and is non family - friendly .
Near Burger King , by the riverside , there 's a coffee shop . It 's serves English food , welcomes families ; it 's cheap and well liked . It 's called The Eagle .
The Mill coffee Shop is located in City center near The Sorrento , providing English Food .
The Eagle is a family friendly restaurant near Café Brazil in the riverside area but it has a low rating .
The Cocum coffee shop serves Chinese food for less than £ 20 . It has a low customer rating and is not family friendly .
The Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food under £ 20 . It has a low customer rating and it is child friendly .
A place with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 near The Bakers is Midsummer House .
Aromi coffee shop serves English food in a family - friendly atmosphere near the city center and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
Family friendly coffee Shop that is called Fitzbillies . We sell cheap Chinese food located in the city centre . We have a rating 5 out of 5
Theirs a coffee shop name Fitzbillies that has a price range less than £ 20 and provides Chinese food . Has a low customer Rating but it 's family friendly which is located in the city centre
The Wrestlers is a restaurant located near The Sorrento . 5 out of 5 customer rating .
There is child friendly restaurant in the riverside area named Alimentum .
The Punter is a kid - friendly English coffee shop near Café Sicilia . Their customer rating is 3 of 5 and they have moderate prices .
Aromi Chinese coffee shop , family friendly , rates average in the riverside area .
Highly rated The Wrestlers is kid friendly .
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant with a 5 out of 5 rating near The Sorrento .
A family friendly place is called The Wrestlers . It has poor reviews .
The Chinese food and coffee shop infused Cocum provides a family friendly atmosphere at a cheap prince range , earning 5 out of 5 stars by customers .
There is a family - friendly , mid cost coffee shop near the Burger King called The Eagle .
The Wrestlers is found near The Sorrento and is child friendly . It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
In a riverside area is The Punter , Kids friendly with a high customer rating
Wildwood is a moderately priced English coffee shop located near the Ranch . It has been rated 3 out of 5 .
The Wrestlers is kids friendly and has a customer rating 1 out of 5 .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms that sells Chinese food . It has a low customer rating and is not family friendly .
Near The Sorrento , there is a poorly rated not family friendly venue called The Wrestlers .
Located in city centre near The Sorrento , The Mill is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food at less than average prices .
The Eagle is this coffee shop , but it also has Chinese food ranging from £ 30 and up with a high customer rating . It 's not kid friendly and it 's near Burger King in the city centre .
The Fitzbillies coffee shop is not child friendly and the prices are high but the customer rating is average .
The Eagle can be found in the riverside area near Burger King . It has excellent customer reviews despite the fact that it is not family friendly . It serves cheap Chinese food in a coffee shop setting .
The Punter coffee Shop is a 5 Star , Inexpensive , Family restaurant located in Café Sicilia .
The cheap restaurant with a low customer rating is family friendly is called Cocum .
For a nice Chinese coffee shop near the riverside area , Fitzbillies is a fancy , expensive coffee shop with with no kids and an average customer rating .
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food for a low price , has an average customer rating , is not family friendly , and is in the riverside area near the Burger King .
A family friendly coffee shop called The Eagle is located near Burger King . It has a low customer rating .
in the less than £ 20 price range and serving Chinese food , the non - family friendly coffee shop , The Wrestlers is in city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Wrestlers is adult oriented near The Sorrento and has average ratings .
In the city centre , by the The Portland Arms , is a coffee shop called Cotto . It is a high priced location that serves English style food . Cotto has an average customer review rating .
The Eagle is a not kids friendly Chinese coffee shop located near Burger King in city centre , with 3 out of 5 customer rating and moderate price range .
Fitzbillies is a high priced English coffee shop that is in the city centre and is children friendly . Customers rated it 1 out of 5 .
The Wrestlers is a moderately priced coffee shop located in the city centre . It provides Chinese food . It is not kids friendly and is located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
Browns Cambridge is a riverside coffee shop near the Crowne Plaza Hotel . It is a family friendly coffee shopping which serves Chinese food and has an average rating
Located riverside , near Burger King , is the cheap coffee shop , The Eagle . Chinese food is served there and it is family friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
Along the riverside and near Café Sicilia sits Bibimbap House .
Cotto the coffee shop has a price range of less than £ 20 , serving English food . Situated near The Portland Arms in the city centre this has a low customer rating .
There is a coffee shop located near city centre with an average customer rating called Fitzbillies . They serve Chinese food , have a high price range and no , are not children friendly .
Despite low customer ratings , The Punter at the riverside is family friendly .
Yes it is children friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . The Punter is located in riverside .
In the riverside area there is a low customer rated , family friendly restaurant named The Punter .
The Café Brazil is on the riverside where The Eagle sits . No families .
Rated 3 out of 5 by customers , this coffee shop style , kid friendly The Cambridge Blue can be found close to Burger King on the riverside
Cocum is a family friendly three star rated coffee shop . It is in the low price range .
The Wrestlers is a coffee Shop providing English Food . It is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine . Moderate price range and no kids friendly .
The Punter , a coffee shop that serves high priced Chinese food is children friendly and located near Café Sicilia . The restaurant has a low customer rating .
The Punter is adult only located in the riverside area with average ratings .
The Punter its on the area of riverside with a average rating is not recommended for family
The child - friendly Alimentum is near to Burger King by the riverside .
Fitzbillies is a 5 star , family friendly , coffee shop located in City centre .
The Eagle is highly rated and kid friendly , located riverside near Café Brazil .
Looking for a coffee shop offering Chinese food in the moderate price range with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 in the riverside are , the consider The Golden Palace .
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food for less than 20 pounds . They have a low customer rating . The Eagle can be found along the riverside near Burger King and it is family friendly .
The Cambridge Blue is a 1 out of 5 rated coffee shop . It is family friendly and located near the riverside by Burger King .
If you 're looking for a highly - rated place in the riverside area , I would certainly recommend The Phoenix .
The Punter is a low - priced family friendly restaurant near riverside .
The Phoenix has a 1 out of 5 customer Rating . It is located in riverside .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is located in the city centre . Its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine . It offers English food with a moderate price range . It is not a kid friendly establishment .
There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies that sells Chinese food at a cheap price . The customer rating is 5 out of 5 , it is kid friendly , but located in riverside .
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £ 20 - 25 price range . It is located in the riverside . It is near Burger King . Its customer rating is high .
Cocum is highly rated and moderately priced coffee shop . It also serves English food . It is not considered child friendly .
The Wrestlers has a high customer rating , is kid friendly and is near The Sorrento .
This kid friendly coffee shop found riverside , Fitzbillies offers Chinese food at a moderate price range with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
Rated high is The Phoenix which is located in the riverside area .
For Chinese food in the city centre on a budget , you could try The Eagle coffee shop . It has average customer ratings and is not family friendly . Near Burger King .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves Chinese food for adults only . Although , it 's expensive and poorly rated by its customers .
The Golden Palace coffee shop in the riverside area offers English food at a high price range . Previous customers have given this establishment an average rating .
In the riverside there is a high rated restaurant called The Phoenix .
The Phoenix is by the riverside . Everyone likes it .
Alimentum , located on the river . No good for families .
The Eagle near Café Brazil is located on the riverside . It is children friendly . The customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
The Wrestlers is an averagely rated , family - friendly place near The Sorrento .
There is a family friendly venue named Alimentum which is located at the riverside near Burger King
The city centre has an English coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating called The Eagle . It is near Burger King , is family - friendly and cheap .
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range . It is located in the riverside . It is near Burger King . Its customer rating is average .
The Mill is a coffee shop near The Sorrento in the city centre . It serves expensive Chinese food .
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop selling Chinese food near Café Sicilia . It is not family friendly and has received average customer ratings .
Aromi is a nice coffee shop in the Riverside area with a family atmosphere positively charming , English food and friendly clientele
The Wrestlers is a children friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
A coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine , in the city centre , is The Wrestlers . It also provides Chinese food . It has a high price range and is child friendly .
by the riverside . there is The Eagle is a 3 out of 5 venue near Café Brazil , with a a children - friendly Ambient .
kid friendly yes . located near the riverside . it has a 3 out of 5 rating . and the name is The Punter
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop that is kids friendly . The price range is moderate . It is located in the riverside area and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
The Cricketers coffee shop serves Chinese food . It is located near The Portland Arms and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . It is also kid - friendly .
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop in the low price range . It is located close to the city centre , near to Burger King
If you want a kids - friendly place on the riverside which is both a coffee shop and for Chinese food , Browns Cambridge is a match . It situated in a convenient location near Crowne Plaza Hotel but the customer rating is rather low , 1 out of 5 .
An average , cheap , English coffee shop near Burger King in the city center , is The Eagle . They are not family - friendly .
The Wrestlers . Child Friendly with a High Customer Rating
Aromi is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food on riverside . It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is not family friendly .
Aromi is an average Chinese coffee shop by the river that caters to children also .
If you are looking for a venue with a high customer rating , please visit The Golden Palace , which is located riverside and offers a coffee shop atmosphere with Chinese food .
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £ 20 price range . It is near Ranch . Its customer rating is low .
Close to Burger King , The Cambridge Blue is a highly rated coffee shop . It is family friendly and in riverside .
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop that provides Chinese food located in the city centre with average rating .
The Punter is in city centre with outstanding ratings and not family - friendly .
Fitzbillies is located in the city centre . It is a coffee shop serving English food . Prices are moderate with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . It is kid friendly .
The Eagle is a coffee shop with Chinese food . This establishment has earned a high customer rating . They charge more than 30 pounds . They are located in the city centre near Burger King and are not family friendly .
The Eagle is a high priced English coffee shop with an average rating thats based in the city centre near to Burger King that isn 't really children - friendly .
For a nice Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area , Fitzbillies is a great option . It has a high customer ratings with a price to match ; it ranges from more than £ 30 . It is not children friendly .
There 's a cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese dishes called Cocum . However , no kids allowed and it 's not rated well at all .
Near The Portland Arms there is a coffee shop , serving English food , rated 5 out of 5 called The Cricketers . It is not family - friendly .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that serves English style food . It is located near The Portland Arms and is child friendly . Customers rate it 1 out of 5 .
Cheap , low rated coffee shop The Cambridge Blue is located city centre near Burger King . Not family - friendly .
Cotto is a coffee shop serving cheap Chinese food with an average customer rating in the city centre are near The Portland Arms .
Midsummer House has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is located near The Bakers
The Wrestlers has 1 out of 5 customer rating . It is a children friendly place .
The Eagle is an average English coffee shop located in city centre near Burger King .
Near to The Portland Arms you will find The Cricketers coffee shop . They serve English food and children are welcome . However it has a very low rating from other customers .
There is a high priced coffee shop in the Riverside area called The Golden Palace , that serves Chinese food and has a high customer rating .
Kid friendly , and with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , Cocum coffee shop serves moderately priced Chinese food .
A coffee shop , The Cricketers , near The Portland Arms has English food and is kid friendly ; rated 1 out of 5 .
The Punter is a coffee shop serving Chinese food . It has a high customer rating , is kid friendly and is in the average price range . It is situated near Café Sicilia .
Fitzbillies in riverside offers English food in the less than £ 20 price range . The coffee shop is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating .
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the riverside area , near Burger King that has a high customer rating . They serve English food at a £ 30 minimum , and aren 't friendly to children .
In the riverside area near the Raja Indian Cuisine is the poorly rated Travellers Rest Beefeater .
Close - by to Burger King is Alimentum , a child - friendly restaurant by the riverside .
A children friendly , English , coffee shop in the high price range , with a 1 out of 5 customer rating is Cocum .
The Eagle is an English coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre with a price Range £ 20 - 25 and is not kid friendly .
For a restaurant serving English food in the city centre , Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel . Customers have given it a low rating , and it is not family - friendly .
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the river side . Price range is £ 20 - 25 and high rating .
There is a kid friendly coffee shop called Fitzbillies by the river . It is expensive and serves English food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
The coffee shop The Golden Palace is located near riverside , it serves Chinese food for less than £ 20 per person . The Golden Palace has a low customer rating .
The Punter is located near the riverside is customer friendly with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
The Wrestlers is a family - friendly that has 5 out of 5 customer rating near The Sorrento
Wildwood is a moderately priced coffee shop that provides Chinese food . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . It is located near Ranch .
The Punter is an inexpensive coffee and food shop near Café Sicilia . Family friendly and a 5 star rating .
The Eagle coffee shop is located near Burger King next to the river . The shop serves breakfast food at low prices .
The Punter in the city centre is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating .
Clowns is a low rated coffee shop that also serves Chinese food in the riverside area near Clare Hall .
The Wrestlers coffee shop has Chinese food and is friendly . It is in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine with a high price range .
Fitzbillies does English food it 's a coffee shop in the City Centre , they are child friendly with a moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
The Mill coffee Shop is a highly priced British themed eatery located near The Sorrento .
The Punter is a high - priced kids - friendly restaurant in riverside , rated 3 out of 5 .
Alimentum across from Burger King no kids
The Eagle serves cheap English food in a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area situated nears Burger King
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel . It is not family friendly .
Located on the riverside near Burger King is a child friendly coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue . Customers rate The Cambridge Blue 1 out of 5 stars .
The mid cost coffee shop Wildwood , is by the Ranch and receives poor reviews .
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop located in City centre . It is rated five stars and is family friendly .
The Eagle coffee shop is a family - friendly restaurant that provides English food in a low price range . It is located near Burger King in the city centre and has a low customer rating .
Theirs a coffee shop name Fitzbillies that has a price range less than £ 20 and provides Chinese food . Has a low customer Rating but it 's family friendly winch is located in the city center
Near The Sorrento is located The Wrestlers , is a good place with a friendly ambient for children , his rating are over 3 to 5
Clowns coffee shop offers English food with a high customer rating . It is in riverside near Clare Hall ,
There is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace that serves Chinese food for less than £ 20 per person . The Golden Palace is located near riverside but it has a low customer rating .
The Eagle is a restaurant located near Café Brazil in the city centre . It is popular with customers but is not child friendly .
Looking for a Children friendly restaurant . Come to The Wrestlers . It has a 3 out of 5 customer Rating
The coffee shop Taste of Cambridge not only has Chinese food but is also considered to have a kid friendly environment whether this is because of its location in the area known as riverside or its proximity near Crowne Plaza Hotel its amazing .
There is a cheap coffee shop Cocum located south of the centre of the city that provides take - away deliveries .
Near The Portland Arms , The Cricketers , a child friendly coffee shop serving English food , has a 3 out of 5 customer rating
Kid friendly , The Wrestlers , is highly rated .
Aromi is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop in the city centre with a low customer rating .
There is an English coffee shop name The Wrestlers in the riverside area . It is near Raja Indian Cuisine , it is expensive , and it is children friendly .
Cotto is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food . it is in the £ -25 price range with a high customer rating It is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms .
A high priced English coffee shop , The Eagle near the city centre 's Burger King had achieved a poor rating from its customers and isn 't child friendly .
Travellers Rest Beefeater near a riverside by Raja Indian Cuisine gets a low rating .
Aromi Chinese coffee shop in the city center , low rate , not family friendly
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop which also sells Chinese food . You can find it in the city centre , but be aware it is not children friendly , only gets an average customer rating and prices are high .
A Chinese food coffee shop near Café Sicilia the The Punter . It has high ratings , kid friendly , and the price range is between 20 and 25 .
The Cricketers is a family - friendly coffee shop located near The Portland Arms .
In the Riverside , there is a kid - friendly restaurant named The Punter . Unfortunately , it has only received a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Clowns is an English coffee shop near Clare Hall in the city centre with a rating of 5 out of 5 .
the Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Raja Indian Cuisine , it has a customer rating
In the city centre , Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Raja Indian Cuisine but has a low customer rating .
There is a moderate coffee shop , Wildwood , serving Chinese food near the Ranch . It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
The Wrestlers is a family friendly location near The Sorrento . It has a low customer rating .
Near The Sorrento in the riverside area is a lovely coffee shop called The Mill , great English food ranging at less than £ 20
The Eagle has a high customer rating . It is a kid - friendly venue and is located near Café Brazil by the riverside .
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in the riverside area , near to Burger King . It is children friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
The Cambridge Blue lies in the city centre near Burger King . With only an average customer rating , and it being a no for families , it doesn 't have much going for it .
Ideal for family and friends , Fitzbillies is a coffee shop which offers Chinese food at a low price .
Aromi is a coffee shop , which offers Chinese food , and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . It is located in a riverside area , and is family friendly .
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop in the moderate price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . It is located near Café Sicilia and is not kids friendly .
Midsummer House is a low rated restaurant that is near The Bakers .
The Punter ' is a coffee shop with moderate price range selling English food that is near Café Sicilia and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . It is child - friendly .
The Punter coffee shop that is family friendly and has good reviews located conveniently next to Café Sicilia .
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly venue near The Sorrento with low ratings .
The Wrestlers is children friendly and rated 5 out of 5 by customers .
There is a family friendly coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre called The Wrestlers which offers cheap food .
Near Ranch is a coffee shop that has Chinese food called Wildwood . It has an average customer rating and is in the high price range .
The Wrestlers is a family - friendly venue with a low customer satisfaction rating .
The Wrestlers is children friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . They are located near The Sorrento .
The Golden Palace is a one - star , low - cost coffee shop near the river that serves breakfast near the river .
Riverside has Alimentum , which is not family - friendly .
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop isn 't family - friendly , has a low customer rating and is near Burger King in the riverside area .
A cheap family - friendly Chinese coffee shop that is rated 5 out of 5 is Cocum .
Midsummer House is a high - rated restaurant near The Bakers .
Down by the riverside is an average customer Rated coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue . It 's family friendly and is located near Burger King .
Fitzbillies , adult themed coffee shop located in the city centre . Highly rated English food a low prices . Customer rated 5 stars .
Boasting high prices and low ratings , Cotto is an English coffee shop located on the riverside near The Portland Arms .
near The Sorrento there is The Wrestlers which is family friendly and is rated averagely .
Cocum 's coffee shop sells English food and is child friendly . His customer rating is average .
Near The Portland Arms in the city centre there is a coffee shop named Cotto with moderate pricing with an average customer Rating of 1 out of 5 .
Cotto restaurant offers coffee and Chinese food with a high price tag and an average customer rating near The Portland Arms in the city centre .
The Cricketers is a restaurant with a 1 out of 5 star rating . It is a child friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
The Eagle is a high priced coffee shop that is located in Riverside near the Burger King . It is child friendly and has Chinese food .
The Golden Palace is a restaurant providing take - away deliveries in the low price range . It is located in the city centre .
The Eagle coffee shop serving Chinese food near Burger King is not children friendly has and average customer rating .
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop in the riverside area which also offers Chinese food . It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . It is not kid friendly .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £ 20 price range . It is located in the city centre . It is near Raja Indian Cuisine .
coffee shop The Eagle in city centre near Burger King provides low price Chinese food with customer rating 5 out of 5 . It is not family friendly .
Wildwood is a moderately priced coffee shop serving English food . It is located near Ranch and has a low customer rating .
The Cricketers , a Chinese coffee shop , near The Portland Arms , is not family - friendly and is rated as average .
The Mill is located near The Sorrento in the city centre . This coffee shop provides English food with a price range less than £ 20 .
Alimentum is not family - friendly , and is near the Burger King in the city centre .
Near The Sorrento , The Wrestlers is highly rated and kid friendly .
The Wrestlers near The Sorrento is not recommended but at least children are welcome .
Aromi is an English coffee shop in riverside . It is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating .
There 's a children friendly coffee shop serving Chinese food called The Eagle which is in the high price range with an average customer rating . It 's in the city centre near Burger King .
The Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food , but costs more than the average with great customer ratings . It is located in the city centre and yes , it is kid friendly .
The Wrestlers is children friendly with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food . The prices are more than £ 30 , with a high customer rating . It is not child friendly .
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is near Café Sicilia . Its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
Chinese food serving coffee shop , Cotto , near The Portland Arms in the city centre has a price range of more than £ 30 and a high customer rating .
The Eagle is a high - priced coffee shop located near the Burger King in city centre . This average - rated restaurant is not for children . It serves English food .
There 's a high rated coffee shop that is kid friendly and serves English food on the riverside named Aromi .
Fitzbillies is a restaurant providing take - away deliveries in the low price range . It is located in the city centre .
The Punter is a kid friendly venue located on the riverside . Customers have rated The Punter 1 out of 5 .
The Eagle is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food the price range is average with high customer rating . Located in the city centre and it is kid friendly since it is near a Burger King .
Cotto is an inexpensive coffee shop located near The Portland Arms , with 5 stars .
The Wrestlers is a low - rated venue that is kids friendly .
In riverside , Fitzbillies coffee shop is not family - friendly , has a high price range and average customer rating , and serves English food .
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located near Burger King in the city centre . It is family - friendly but has a low customer rating .
Known for its high customer rating , you should check out the kid friendly environment at Browns Cambridge located down by the riverside right near the Crowne Plaza Hotel .
Cotto situated in the city centre near The Portland Arms serves high priced English food , it is a coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
There is a coffee shop named Browns Cambridge which offers Chinese food . The customer rating is 5 out of 5 . It is in the city centre and it is family friendly . It is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel .
Located on the riverside near Café Brazil , The Eagle has a high customer rating and is children friendly .
The Golden Palace is a restaurant specializing in breakfast in the low price range . It is located north of the city centre right on the river .
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre serving English food . It is rated average by customers .
Wildwood is a cheap British coffee shop near Ranch . It has a customer rating of three out of five .
The Punter is a family friendly place in the riverside area with a high customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £ 20 - 25 price range . Its customer rating is high .
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £ 20 - 25 price range . It is near Café Sicilia . Its customer rating is high .
In riverside near Café Brazil , The Eagle has a high customer rating and is kid friendly .
Cotto coffee shop is located in Riverside near The Portland Arms and serves Chinese food for cheap prices .
Browns Cambridge is a high rated coffee shop offering Chinese food and is kids friendly . It is located at riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £ 20 price range . It is located in the city centre . It is near Burger King . Its customer rating is low .
The Punter is a children - friendly restaurant in the area of Riverside and boasts a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
There is a low price coffee shop in City centre . It 's called The Golden Palace and it offers English food . The rating is 1 out of 5 .
Browns Cambridge coffee shop offers Chinese food with customer rating of 1 out of 5 in riverside , is kids friendly and is near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The Wrestlers , a coffee shop with Chinese food is near Raja Indian Cuisine riverside . Their prices are less than £ 20 .
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King . It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but is not family - friendly .
The Eagle is a kids friendly coffee shop that has moderate prices and serves English food . It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating and is located in the riverside area near the Burger King .
Serving English food on the riverside in The Wrestlers . A kid friendly coffee shop in the price range £ 20 - £ 25 . The Wrestlers is located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
Clowns coffee shop is a decent restaurant to get breakfast by Clare Hall .
Near to Café Brazil , The Eagle is a kids friendly venue with a high customer rating
The Eagle is an English food and coffee shop . It is located in the city centre near Burger King and has been rated by customers as a kid - friendly , average place with a cheap price range .
The Wrestlers is a child friendly restaurant with a 5 out of 5 rating .
Travellers Rest Beefeater has a low customer rating . It is in the riverside vicinity near Raja Indian Cuisine .
Aromi coffee shop have Chines food , customer rating is average and it is family friendly . It is located in city centre .
Located near Burger King , at the city centre , The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food . The price range is moderate and the customer rating is 3 out of 5 . It 's not kids - friendly .
Near the Café Brazil there is a highly rated riverside kids restaurant called The Eagle .
The Golden Palace is a highly rated Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area that ranges £ 20 - 25 .
There is a three star coffee shop in city centre called Fitzbillies that sell Chinese food at a moderate price with no children around .
The Eagle is a 3 out of 5 stars Chinese coffee shop in the moderate price range near the Burger King by the riverside . It is kids friendly .
Midsummer House has a high customer rating and is near The Bakers .
The Eagle coffee shop serves Chinese food at a cheap price while providing excellence in customer service rating 5 out of 5 , located in the city centre this family friendly coffee shop is located right near Burger King .
Near Burger King , there is a kid friendly place called Alimentum near the riverside .
If you are searching for a place to go that 's not family - friendly and near the riverside , Alimentum is the place for you .
Fitzbillies is a family - friendly coffee shop located in the city centre , which has a price range is less than £ 20 , but yet the customer rating is low .
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that is on the riverside near Burger King . It is kid friendly and has a high customer rating .
Come visit Cotto , our new English coffee shop that customers are rating 5 out of 5 . The price is affordable and it is located in the beautiful riverside area near The Portland Arms .
There is a non family - friendly , average rated coffee shop that is located near Burger King in the city centre called The Cambridge Blue .
Located near The Sorrento , The Wrestlers is kid - friendly and gets a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Aromi coffee shop serves Chinese food , with an average customer rating , located in the city centre , are not family friendly .
The Punter is a English coffee shop located near Café Sicilia . It has a price range of £ 20 - 25
The Wrestlers is an average family friendly restaurant near The Sorrento .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop located in the centre of the city that serves Chinese food in a family friendly environment . It has an average customer rating and cheap prices .
Browns Cambridge coffee shop , on the riverside near the Crown Plaza Hotel , welcomes families with children , and serves poor - quality English food .
Aromi , a Chinese coffee shop , has a low rating , is not family friendly , and is located in the city centre .
Located in the city centre , The Punter has an average customer rating and is not family - friendly .
The Eagle is located at the riverside , near Café Brazil . It has a high customer rating and it is kids - friendly .
The Mill , located near The Sorrento , is a coffee shop serving English food in the moderate price range .
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre that sells Chinese food . Customers rate it 5 out of 5 , and it is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel .
coffee shop called Aromi serving English food near the riverside that welcomes kids with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Wildwood , an English coffee shop located near Ranch , has high prices and low ratings .
There is an establishment near The Sorrento called The Wrestlers which is not family - friendly . It has a rating of 5 out of 5 .
Cotto is a fairly expensive coffee shop close to the river just north of The Portland Arms . They make a good British breakfast platter .
Wildwood coffee shop serving Chinese food in the 30 price range has high customer rating located near Ranch .
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range . It is located in the riverside . It is near The Portland Arms . Its customer rating is average .
The Golden Palace coffee shop in the city centre serves cheap Chinese food with excellent customer ratings .
coffee shop and Chinese restaurant Cocum has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is in the high price rant . It is not child - friendly .
There is a child friendly English coffee shop called the Taste of Cambridge by the riverside , near the Crowne Plaza Hotel .
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall in the riverside area which serves English food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
The Punter is a cheap and family friendly coffee shop located next to Café Sicilia .
In Riverside you can find The Phoenix with a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
Near Café Brazil in the riverside area is a new restaurant named The Eagle . Yes it is child Friendly and has a 3 out 5 rating with its customers .
The Punter is a coffee shop with English food , thats kids friendly with moderate prices near the Café Sicilia with a customer rating of 1 out of 5
Kid friendly and located riverside near Café Brazil , The Eagle has a low customer rating .
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near to the Café Brazil . It is friendly for family and the customer rating is an average .
In riverside , near Burger King , there is a coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue . It has low ratings but it is family friendly .
The Eagle is located next to Burger King on the river and is a family friendly coffee shop .
Welcome to The Wrestlers . We are a coffee shop , our price range is moderate , our food is English we 're kid friendly located in the city centre by the Raja Indian Cuisine . We have a disclaimer by the door , we wrestle and any blood stains we do not cover .
There is an expensive , Child friendly coffee shop called Cocum which has an average rating .
Located in the city centre , The Punter is a good place to bring the kids . 3 out 5 stars
The is a restaurant that had a price for over 30 euros per meal . It 's called The Wrestlers and it 's children friendly . Its located in Riverside near the Raja Indian Cuisine .
Clowns coffee shop , near Clare Hall , serves excellent , authentic English food .
The Wrestlers is a children friendly Chinese coffee shop with a moderate price range located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Cambridge Blue is a child friendly coffee shop situated near Burger King by the riverside . This has a 5 star rating .
The Chinese coffee shop by the riverside near Clare Hall that only has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 is called Clowns .
Cocum coffee shop is family friendly with cheap English food with a low customer rating .
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is high .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is near Café Sicilia . Its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop with one - star located near The Portland Arms .
The Wrestlers , located near Raja Indian Cuisine , Luton , is a coffee shop serving English food at reasonable prices .
Midsummer House The Bakers customer rating 3 out 5
In the riverside area near the Burger King there is a non child friendly coffee shop . The Eagles serves Chinese food in a high price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
The Eagle , near Café Brazil in the riverside , has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 but is child friendly .
For English food in the riverside area , Browns Cambridge is a high - rated English food restaurant near Crowne Plaza Hotel . It is family friendly .
The Wrestlers has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . However , we are not family - friendly .
Aromi is a coffee shop which is not family friendly . It serves British food .
The Punter is a coffee shop offering Chinese food in the £ 20 - 25 range . Located near the Café Sicilia , this high rated restaurant is not kid friendly .
The low rated family friendly restaurant The Punter is located on the riverside .
By Burger King in city centre is The Eagle British coffee shop , family - friendly rated 1 out of 5 .
If you are looking for an English coffee shop , I recommend The Eagle located in the city centre near the Burger King . Its customer rating is very high and has a price range of about 20 to 25 pounds . It is not kid friendly .
The Eagle is a coffee shop the is moderate price range that serves English food , not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 near Burger King by the riverside area .
Near The Portland Arms is a coffee shop called The Cricketers that serves Chinese food . It is not family friendly and has had low customer ratings .
There is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia called The Punter what does English food the price range is cheap also it has a low customer rating .
There is a kid - friendly coffee shop in riverside near Burger King . It 's called The Cambridge Blue and has low customer ratings .
The Punter in the city centre has an average customer rating , and says yes to families .
Customers love the family friendly The Wrestlers .
The 3 out of 5 customer rated venue , The Wrestlers , offers a kid friendly environment
With an average customer rating , The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop serving English food and located along the river
A family friendly English coffee shop near , Café Sicilia , has prices below 20 pounds , but has a low customer rating . It 's name is The Punter .
The Phoenix boasts a perfect customer rating . It 's located in the riverside area .
Midsummer House is located near The Bakers and has a 1 out of 5 star rating .
The Mill is a coffee shop providing English food for more than £ 30 . It is located near The Sorrento on the riverside .
There is a coffee shop Clowns located near Clare Hall in the city centre that provides English food with the low customer rating .
Customers gave Midsummer House , near The Bakers , a 3 out of 5 rating .
Serving cheap English food , as well as having a coffee shop ; The Golden Palace has an average customer rating and is located along the riverside .
There is a cheap coffee shop The Punter located near Café Sicilia . Customer rating 4 out of 5 . Not family - friendly .
Alimentum is child friendly and is located by the river .
If you want to take the children for a meal then try Alimentum they provide a child friendly service in their riverside setting .
A kid friendly coffee shop which rate high near Café Sicilia and serves English food in the range of 20 - 25 pounds is The Punter .
The Mill is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is located in the city centre . It is near The Sorrento .
In the riverside area , The Cambridge Blue is a kids friendly pub near Burger King .
A moderate price ranged coffee shop that serves Chinese food is called Cotto that is located in riverside near The Portland Arms and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Located in City centre , Fitzbillies is a three star , family friendly , coffee shop .
Located in the city center . near Burger King , The Eagle serves coffee and Chinese food for a price range of £ 20 - 25 . It is a non children friendly area and it has a high customer rating .
The Eagle coffee shop near Burger King in the area of the riverside serves English food although quite cheap it does not cater for children and has an average customer review .
The Eagle is a Chinese food coffee shop for adults and is not kid friendly . It got a 1 out of 5 stars rating for its moderately priced food . It is located in riverside near the Burger King .
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced , poorly rated coffee shop near City Centre .
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range . It is located in the riverside . It is near Burger King . Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
Along the riverside , there is a family friendly coffee shop named Fitzbillies . They serve English breakfast food at high prices and have a one - star customer rating .
In the city centre there is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 called Aromi which serves English food .
Located at riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel stands children - friendly coffee shop with English food called Taste of Cambridge .
The Punter is located in the city centre , is not family - friendly , and has a rating of 5 out of 5 .
Clowns coffee shop Chinese Food has moderate customer rating of 3 out of 5 , located in the riverside near Clare Hall .
A highly rated restaurant is The Wrestlers , it is family friendly .
The Wrestlers is a non family - friendly establishment near The Sorrento . It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
Fitzbillies provides good English food at an average price in Riverside . The customers are raving about their food and service .
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop which serves English food . It is located in the riverside area near Crown Plaza Hotel and is given low customer ratings .
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop with English food and average customer ratings in city centre near The Portland Arms .
There is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace located in the city centre with a high customer rating . The price range is more than 30 and has English food .
The Wrestlers is a children friendly family restaurant . Most people who go there give great reviews for the restaurant . It can be found near The Sorrento .
The Punter ' is a coffee shop with moderate price range selling English food that is child - friendly . It is near Café Sicilia and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Located near Café Brazil in a riverside area , The Eagle is family friendly with an average customer rating .
A moderately priced English coffee shop in the city centre , Fitzbillies , is not kid friendly . A 1 out of 5 rating .
Clowns is a three - star coffee shop located near Clare Hall that provides breakfast .
On the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is a place called Travellers Rest Beefeater . its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
The Cambridge Blue in City center , family - friendly coffee shop near Burger King , low rating .
Aromi is an average rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the city center
Near The Sorrento , there is a kid friendly venue called The Wrestlers with a rating of 1 out of 5 .
The Golden Palace , Riverside , is a Chinese coffee shop . Customers rate the coffee shop as low but the price range is less than £ 20 .
Located in the city centre is Fitzbillies : a low - cost family - friendly English coffee shop with an average customer rating .
An English food coffee shop named The Cricketers is located near The Portland Arms .
The Punter is a coffee shop with cheap prices located near Café Sicilia .
The Eagle coffee shop has Chinese food in the moderate price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 in city centre , is not kid friendly and is near Burger King .
Fitzbillies coffee shop has Chinese food at a moderate price . Customers rate it a 1 out of 5 . Located on the riverside and is not kid friendly .
The Wildwood is a coffee shop located near Ranch . They serve Chinese food are rated 5 out of 5 and a typical meal is cheap .
Located in city centre near Burger King , The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves English food at a great price but received a low customer rating .
Near Burger King , eat at this coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue . It is not family - friendly at Riverside . Customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that has Chinese food . Customers have rated them 5 out of 5 . They also have great prices . Keep in mind that they do not allow children .
The family friendly restaurant , The Wrestlers near The Sorrento has an excellent customer rating 5 out of 5 .
there is a Chinese coffee shop called Cocum , which has an average customer rating and serves food in the high price range for adults
Cotto , a coffee shop with price range of £ 20- £ 25 near The Portland Arms in the city centre has a high customer rating and serves English food
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in city centre is Travellers Rest Beefeater , a low rated restaurant .
Wildwood coffee shop is in the low price range and located close to the Ranch .
The Mill is an English food coffee shop near The Sorrento . Their pricing are more than £ 30
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in the city centre area . It has a moderate price range , is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Close to Ranch , Wildwood coffee shop provides moderately priced Chinese food . It has been rated by customers as being a one out of a possible five .
Clowns is an average rated restaurant in the city centre near Clare Hall . It is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop serving English food with an average customer rating . It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area and is not child friendly .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop type restaurant located in the city centre with a high price , with a bad kids friendly atmosphere . It offers English food and is located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Cambridge Blue is a child - friendly coffee chop . It is rated as 1 out of 5 by customers and located by the riverside near Burger King .
The Punter , a coffee shop , serves Chinese food within the moderate price range . It is located near Café Sicilia , and is not kid friendly , with a 3 star rating .
A high price range coffee shop that serves English food in the city center is Fitzbillies . They have a rating of 1 out of 5 and are not kid friendly .
The Eagle is a coffee shop with Chinese food . Price is moderate , but 1 out of 5 people like it . It 's on a riverside , and it 's near Burger King
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop located at riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine serves English food and a Family friendly place that a cheap price range of food .
Located in City Centre , The Golden Palace serves delicious Chinese food and coffee for low prices .
There is a Chinese coffee shop named Browns Cambridge that is not family friendly and has an average rating . It is in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The Punter is a mid - priced coffee shop serving traditional English food located near Café Sicilia . It is highly rated and suitable for families .
There is a children friendly coffee shop named Cocum . It serves English food , and is high priced with a 1 out of 5 rating .
There is a coffee shop called the Cocum with a moderate price range . It serves English food and it is kid friendly . It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £ 20 price range . It is located in the city centre . It is near The Portland Arms . Its customer rating is low .
A highly - rated Chinese food along the riverside is a coffee shop named Fitzbillies . They allow children and offer cheap options .
The Wrestlers is in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine . It is a coffee shop serving cheap English food and is great for families .
The Wrestlers has a rating of 1 out of 5 . It is kid friendly and located near The Sorrento .
The Eagle is a lovely place near Café Brazil in the area of Riverside with nice clientele
The Cricketers , located near The Portland Arms is a coffee shop that serves breakfast .
The Eagle near Café Brazil is children Friendly in the riverside area with average customer Ratings .
The Eagle is a coffee shop in the affordable price bracket . It serves British food and is family friendly and can be found near Burger King .
The Punter In which many competitors are competing 3 out of 5
Near The Sorrento there is a children friendly place called The Wrestlers with a 3 out of 5 rating
With High rated customer reviews a coffee shop called Cotto near The Portland Arms in Riverside serves Chinese food .price £ 20- £ 25 .
Moderately priced and located in the riverside area near The Sorrento , The Mill is a pub that offers Chinese food .
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is low .
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop that have a low custom . They are located near riverside and server English Food also coffee . Their prices are at the range of 20 below .
Near Café Brazil is The Eagle which is located by a riverside . It has the customer rating of 1 out of 5and is kids - friendly .
Cocum serves high priced Chinese food and is a coffee shop with an average rating and kid friendly .
Moderately priced with excellent ratings , The Punter , located near Café Sicilia , is a family friendly coffee shop .
Located near Raja Indian Cuisine , Travellers Rest Beefeater has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
By the riverside near Burger King , there 's a kid friendly Alimentum .
There is a high customer Chinese coffee shop with a more than £ 30 price range near Ranch , called Wildwood .
Aromi is an English coffee shop by the riverside . It is not family - friendly , and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
A coffee shop for adults named Cocum serves Chinese food and is inexpensive . It has earned a 5 star rating .
There is an English coffee shop called the Browns Cambridge which is located in the Riverside area near the Crowne Plaza Hotel which has a decent rating of 3 out 5 . And yes it is a kid friendly environment .
The Cambridge Blue is a restaurant who does have an average coffee shop inside , its near to Burger King and yes , they are family - friendly
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves low rated Chinese food for less than £ 20 near The Portland Arms in the riverside area .
The Eagle is a high - rated , family place located by the river , near Café Brazil .
The Punter is a family - friendly coffee shop located outside the city centre near Café Sicilia .
The Cambridge Blue is a child - friendly coffee shop in the riverside area , near Burger King . It is rated 3 out of 5 by customers .
Cotto 's coffee shop located near The Portland Arms in the city centre area is a moderately priced coffee shop with a customer Rating of 1 out of 5 .
There is an average priced coffee shop which is child friendly situated near Burger King on the riverside called The Cambridge Blue .
There is a cheap , family friendly coffee shop called The Punter near Café Sicilia . It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and also serves English food .
A popular coffee shop down by the riverside near The Portland Arms serves Chinese food . It ranges from 20 - 25 and its name is Cotto .
Browns Cambridge , a coffee shop that receives average ratings from customers is a family friendly Chinese restaurant located in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The Punter is located in riverside . It is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating .
The coffee shop , Cocum , provides diners with English food items . It is children friendly which is nice , but the prices are high . This coffee shop has average ratings .
A Chinese coffee shop that is children friendly is located near The Portland Arms . It is called The Cricketers and has an average customer Rating .
The Punter is a cheap family friendly coffee shop located in City Centre near Café Sicilia . 1 out of 5 customer rating .
Along the river side there is a child friendly restaurant with high ratings called The Punter .
The Phoenix is a highly - rated restaurant in the riverside area .
At the riverside is The Phoenix which has a high customer Rating .
Located in City centre , The Golden Palace coffee shop has English food with low prices and a low rating .
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £ 20 - 25 price range . It is near Café Sicilia . Its customer rating is high .
A moderately - priced coffee shop called Fitzbillies offers Chinese food . They have a rating of 1 out of 5 and are in the center of the city . They do not allow children .
Near the Café Sicilia is a coffee shop called The Punter . You can bring your kids but don 't forget your wallet as prices are high but reviews are average .
Taste of Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop serving Chinese in riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The name of the place is Aromi . The location is right by the riverside , next to a coffee shop . Yes , it 's family friendly and dining will be done in English .
in the riverside area there is a cheap coffee shop that does English food called The Mill which is near The Sorrento
Cotto is a cheap coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the city centre . It also offers cheap English food . Cotto is rate 5 out of 5 by customers .
The Cricketers is a highly rated kid friendly Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms .
Aromi , coffee shop , Chinese food , average customer rating , city centre , non family friendly
The Golden Palace is a moderately priced coffee shop located north of the City centre .
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly place near The Sorrento that is low rated .
The Eagle coffee shop is in the city centre near Burger King . It serves cheap Chinese food and is family friendly with average customer ratings .
A highly - rated Chinese establishment is The Eagle . This coffee shop is centrally located , near Burger King . They have a price range of over 30 pounds . Please remember they do not allow children .
The Cocum coffee shop also serves food for the whole family . It is high priced and rated three stars .
In city centre , a coffee shop named The Golden Palace have Chinese food in a range of cheap prices . Customer rating is average .
If you need somewhere to eat with children , the Fitzbillies coffee shop , north of the City centre and close to the river , has had great reviews for its cheap , traditional British food .
Taste of Cambridge is located near Crown Plaza Hotel in the riverside area and is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves English food .
The Wrestlers is a coffee Shop providing English Food . It is located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine . Moderate price range .
In riverside , near Burger King , is a children family place called Alimentum .
A low rated coffee shop in the city centre near Clare Hall is Clowns , which serves Chinese food .
The Eagle in Riverside area , is near Café Brazil , it is kids - friendly and has a high customer rating .
This kids - friendly restaurant called Alimentum is located in riverside near Burger King .
The Mill is a coffee Shop providing English Food . It is located in City center near The Sorrento .
The Wrestlers is an average family friendly place .
The Eagle is a coffee shop that also serves Chinese food . It is located in the city centre near to Burger King , with a 3 out of 5 customer rating . It is not kids friendly .
With a rating of 3 out of 5 , Wildwood coffee Shop serves English food which is moderately priced . It can be found near Ranch .
By the riverside , near The Sorrento , The Mill is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food at a range of £ 20 - 25 .
Chinese food at moderate prices in Cocum coffee , with a rating of 3 is not suitable for children .
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is near Café Sicilia . Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
An establishment near Riverside with a 1 out of 5 rating is The Phoenix .
The Punter is an establishment located on the riverside with a kid friendly environment , but a poor customer rating . They only score 1 out of 5 with customers .
The Punter in riverside has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kid friendly .
Fitzbillies is a cheap , family friendly coffee shop in riverside that serves English food . The average customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
There is an English coffee shop in Riverside that has an average customer rating , is kid - friendly and is expensive called Fitzbillies .
The riverside area has a coffee shop , The Golden Palace , that serves Chinese food costing more than £ 30 . The customer rating is high .
Cocum is a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 customer rating . It is kid friendly .
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil and has attained an average customer rating and is child - friendly .
Rated High by customers , The Golden Palace is a Chinese coffee shop located in the city centre . The average price range is £ 20 - 25 .
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly English coffee shop located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine that is moderately priced .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving English Food in the city centre . Pricing is cheap . The customer rating is average and it is not family - friendly .
The Punter Customer rating is 5 out of 5 . It is people like children friendly yes .
There is coffee shop near The Sorrento and the food is English and store name is The Mill
The riverside is an average place to eat , yes it is child friendly and is located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel with English food and it is called Browns Cambridge also it is a coffee shop .
Near Café Sicilia is a family friendly coffee shop that is 3 star and medium priced called The Punter .
The Wrestlers near The Sorrento is low rated not family - friendly .
Cotto is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is located in the city centre . It is near The Portland Arms . Its customer rating is average .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in the riverside area is Travellers Rest Beefeater which has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
The Eagle coffee shop serves Chinese food more than £ 30 , has high customer service ratings , are located along the riverside are children friendly and are located near Burger King .
The Mill is a coffee shop with low price range . It is located on river
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the less than £ 20 price range . It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is low .
The Eagle is in the center . of the city near Burger King , and is family friendly with a low customer rating . It is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food with a price range of less than £ 20 .
Located near The Sorrento , The Wrestlers is child friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5
Cotto is a high priced coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . They serve English food and are located in the city centre near The Portland Arms .
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
The Eagle is an inexpensive coffee shop and family restaurant with decent reviews located near Burger King .
There 's a cheap place by the river called The Eagle . It 's a very popular coffee shop . It 's a family friendly place that serves English food . It 's by the Burger King .
There is a place called Bibimbap House in riverside . It is near the Café Sicilia .
The Cricketers is a family friendly English coffee shop located near The Portland Arms , and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
The Punter coffee shop is an intermediately priced , family friendly restaurant near Café Sicilia that serves breakfast and coffee .
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
Rated 1 out of 5 by customers , Cocum is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food that is not kid friendly , but moderately priced .
Wildwood is a coffee shop with high prices , near the Ranch . It serves English food , with a current rating of 1 out of 5 .
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food within a cheap price range . It is located in the riverside area near The Sorrento .
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly restaurant with a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
There are child friendly establishments such as Burger King and Alimentum near the riverside .
The Eagle is family - friendly located near Café Brazil in city centre . It has a low customer rating .
There is a cheap coffee shop Wildwood and they serve English food . They have high customer ratings and they are in the city near the Ranch .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food in a moderate price range , customers rates it 1 out of 5 . It is located in the riverside area and is kids friendly .
Alimentum is a family - friendly city centre .
The Phoenix is a 3 star venue found in City Centre .
Near Café Sicilia there is a coffee shop called The Punter that serves Chinese food with an average rating , high price range and is child friendly
The Cricketers coffee shop is a 5 star family friendly spot by The Portland Arms .
Fitzbillies , an English coffee shop in city centre , is a non child friendly with a high customer rating and a higher price range .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food , is no children friendly and has a high price Range , with 1 out of 5 customer Rating , located in riverside .
Cocum is a high priced restaurant with a high customer rating . It is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and is not child friendly .
Taste of Cambridge is in Riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel which is a English coffee shop that is also children friendly .
The Golden Palace has a high customer rating ranging from the prices of £ 20 - 25 . It is a coffee shop that serves English food located in city centre .
Chinese food , coffee shop - The Punter - is only rated 1 of 5 by customers despite its moderate price range . The rating could be due to its kid friendly atmosphere . It is located near Café Sicilia .
The Punter is an English food serving coffee shop which welcomes kids and rates high . It is near Café Sicilia and the prices range from 20 - 25 pounds .
a family coffee shop with English food is Browns Cambridge , in the area of riverside close to Crowne Plaza Hotel with a customer rating 1 out of 5
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food and is kids friendly with a moderate price range and a rating of 1 out of 5 near Café Sicilia .
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel , by the riverside is a coffee shop called The Taste of Cambridge . It is not suitable for families .
Cocum coffee shop is a moderately priced Thai restaurant with a pretty good rating open to the family .
Taste of Cambridge is a kid friendly English coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in Riverside .
If you are looking for a coffee shop , try The Eagle it offers Chines food and has an average price range with a High customer rating . It is located near the Burger King in the city centre and it is kid friendly
There is a coffee shop Taste of Cambridge located in the centre of the city that provides Chinese food . It is not family friendly and is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
Cocum is a coffee shop providing English food in the high price range . The customer rating is average and it is not friendly for kids .
In The Eagle in the City centre there is Café Brazil
Near Ranch there is an average rated coffee shop called Wildwood , which serves cheap English food .
The Punter in riverside is family friendly and has average customer ratings .
Clowns coffee shop serves English food . located near Clare Hall on the riverside , customers have rated it as 1 out of 5 .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near The Portland Arms . Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
There is a family - friendly coffee shop called Browns Cambridge that is not far from the Crowne Plaza Hotel .
Near Burger King in the riverside area is The Cambridge Blue , a children - friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating .
Located in the city centre near The Portland Arms , Cotto is a moderately priced restaurant with a coffee shop and Chinese food . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
Alimentum , located in the riverside area is kid friendly .
The Golden Palace has a high customer rating , with meals costing more than £ 30 . It is located in the city center .
Fitzbillies is a children friendly coffee shop offering English food at a 1 out of 5 rating and high price range .
Alimentum is a family friendly place in the riverside area .
Located at riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine , Travellers Rest Beefeaters has a high customer rating .
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Burger King . It has a high customer rating and a price range of more than £ 30 , but is not children friendly .
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop that has a high customer rating and a price range of more than £ 30 . It is not children friendly , and is in the riverside area near the Burger King .
The Cambridge Blue is located in the city centre very close of Burger King
Located in the riverside area , The Phoenix boasts a perfect customer rating .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre . It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel . Its customer rating is average .
English food is served at Clowns which is a coffee shop located near Clare Hall that is on a riverside . It has an average customer rating .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms offering Chinese food , but it has low customer ratings and is not family friendly .
there is a adults only cheap coffee shop The Wrestlers serving English food located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine
Wildwood is a coffee shop located next to a Ranch . They have been rated one star and cost a lot to drink there .
The Punter is an expensive Chinese coffee shop located near Café Sicilia .
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food in the city centre . It is in the cheap price range but is not family friendly but has a 5 out of 5 customer rating
Chinese food serving coffee shop , Cocum , has a high customer rating . Please note it is not child friendly , and has a price range of over £ 30 .
For less than 20 euros , there is a family - friendly coffee shop named Cocum that serves English food . It has a low customer rating .
The Punter is in the riverside area . It is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating .
The Cambridge Blue is a kid friendly coffee shop in the riverside area . The Cambridge Blue is located near Burger King and has a 3 out of 5 rating .
The Punter is an English coffee shop near Café Sicilia it 's not kid friendly , with a moderate price and customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
5 star dining at the Clowns coffee shop is available near Clare Hall .
The name of the place is Aromi . The location is right by the riverside , next to a coffee shop . Yes , it 's family friendly and dining will be done in English .
Aromi coffee shop in riverside has a moderate customer rating serving English food .
The Wrestlers near The Sorrento is a children friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
The Kids Friendly coffee Shop near Café Sicilia is called The Punter , with English food at a moderate price range but with a customer rating of 1 out of 5
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is located in the city centre . Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food in the riverside area . It is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and rated 5 out of 5 .
On the riverside area near Burger King you can visit cheap family friendly coffee shop called The Eagle that serves English food . Customer rated 5 out of 5 .
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese of high class with an average rating in the city centre and is for kids too .
The Phoenix along the riverside is rated 3 out of 5 .
There is a family - friendly venue in the riverside area called Alimentum .
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop . It located near riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel . It 's family friendly . The customer rated it average .
Near Café Brazil with a low customer rating is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area called The Eagle .
Cotto , a coffee shop type of restaurant offering Chinese cuisine in the cheaper price range with a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is located in the city centre area near The Portland Arms .
The Eagle is a non children friendly English coffee shop . It has a high price range , is in the city center near Burger King , and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
coffee shop , The Wrestlers , is located on the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine . It serves English style food and is moderately priced . It is also kid friendly .
Cocum coffee shop has Chinese food and a cheap price range . It is not family friendly with a good customer rating .
Alimentum is a child - friendly place on the riverside .
A family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area is The Cambridge Blue . Customers give it a low rating . It is located near Burger King .
The Wrestlers dine at this restaurant whose customer rating is average , located near The Sorrento , and is not kid friendly .
You will find Alimentum a nice child friendly place . It is located near Burger King and riverside .
Bibimbap House is in the city center near Café Sicilia .
The Mill is a cheap Chinese coffee shop in the riverside area , near The Sorrento .
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is located in the riverside . It is near Burger King . Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
The Eagle coffee shop is moderate price range , is not kid friendly serves English food , has a 1 out 5 customer rating . It 's near Burger King in the riverside area .
The Punter is a coffee shop near Café Sicilia . It is kid friendly , serves Chinese food and has a high customer rating . Prices are in the average range .
Hello this is a low rating venue called Midsummer House near The Bakers .
The Cotto coffee shop is an expensive place near The Portland Arms .
In the riverside area there is a family friendly coffee shop named Fitzbillies ; it has an average customer rating and serves reasonably priced English food .
The Punter is a high priced coffee shop offering English food , found next to Café Sicilia . It is not child friendly and has average customer ratings .
Fitzbillies is a well respected English coffee shop with a child safe environment and prices from £ 20 - 25 located in the center of the city .
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food in the city centre . They are located near the Portland Arms and are low rated .
A high priced English coffee shop that is in the city centre and is children friendly is called Fitzbillies . Customers rated it 1 out of 5 .
Cocum , a coffee shop has a moderate price range . It sells Chinese and is not a kid - friendly place . It 's customer rating is 3 out of 5
Cotto is a coffee shop which offers Chinese food . It has a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . It is located in city centre near The Portland Arms
The Eagle received 5 out of 5 rating . It is in riverside near Café Brazil and is kid friendly .
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located in city centre located near Burger King . 5 out of 5 rating .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that provides English food and is family friendly and near The Portland Arms with a customer Rating 5 out of 5 .
Cocum is a Chinese food and coffee shop in one . It is moderately priced but low rated , and not for kids .
The highly rated coffee shop Browns Cambridge is a kids friendly establishment in the riverside area near to the Crowne Plaza Hotel offering Chinese food .
Inexpensive and fun Wildwood coffee shop offers English food near the Ranch .
Fitzbillies in a child friendly coffee shop serving English food in the city centre . It has a high price range and an average customer rating .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop located by the riverside and near Crowne Plaza Hotel . No it is not family friendly but does offer Chinese food . It has a low customer rating .
The Punter might have low ratings ... but it is riverside and offers a children Friendly great time .
The Punter in riverside is family friendly but customers give it a low rating
Fitzbillies coffee shop by the river , offering good , affordable English food to all the family .
Located in the city centre , Aromi is a family - friendly coffee shop . They sell amazing English food , but have a low customer rating .
In the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine ; there is a place called Travellers Rest Beefeater . It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
There is a coffee shop serving Chinese food on riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel . They welcome families and have have a five star rating . It is called Browns Cambridge .
There is a non - family friendly coffee shop along the riverside and near Crowne Plaza Hotel . Its name is Taste of Cambridge and serves Chinese food .
With a low customer rating The Wrestlers is kid - friendly and is located near The Sorrento .
The Cricketers is a family coffee shop passing The Portland Arms . The quality is nice .
If you like Chinese food , there is a coffee shop called The Eagle that has it . They charge higher prices and have a rating of 1 out of 5 . They are family friendly and are located on the riverside near Burger King .
The Punter is a riverside area , family friendly restaurant with an average customer rating .
The Fitzbillies is a non children friendly Chinese coffee shop in the high price range . It is located in Riverside and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
The Cricketers serves Chinese food and coffee . It 's rated average , welcomes families , and is located near The Portland Arms .
Midsummer House has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is located near The Bakers .
Aromi is a coffee shop located in the city centre that offers English food . It has an average customer rating and is not family - friendly .
The Punter is an average coffee shop near Café Sicilia serving cheap English food
Aromi is a coffee shop located in the area of Riverside .
Alimentum is a child friendly place on the riverside .
Near The Sorrento is The Wrestlers , rated one out of five by customers and children are welcome .
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the moderate price range with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 in the city centre area near Burger King is not kid friendly .
In Riverside , near the Crowne Plaza Hotel , you can find a family friendly coffee shop called Taste of Cambridge .
Midsummer House has a low customer rating and is located near The Bakers .
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop located on the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel . They serve English food and it is kids friendly .
The cheap coffee shop Cocum serves English food , has a rating of 5 out of 5 , but is not family - friendly .
The coffee shop named Cocum is cheap , serves food , and is family friendly . It is also five star rated .
The Wrestlers has a low customer rating and is not family - friendly . It is located near The Sorrento .
Aromi is an average rated coffee shop that servers English food in riverside . it is children friendly as well
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre . Rating is 5 out of 5 and family friendly .
Look in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine to find Travellers Rest Beefeater with a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
The Eagle is in the riverside area near Café Brazil . It is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
The Mill is a coffee shop that has high priced English food . It is in the area of riverside near The Sorrento .
Located near The Bakers , Midsummer House is a restaurant that receives high ratings from customers .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop in the city centre , near Crowne Plaza Hotel , that also serves Chinese food , is not family friendly and has a low customer rating .
Alimentum in riverside is child friendly and is located near Burger King .
Cocum has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . It serves Chinese food within a moderate price range and is not kid friendly .
If you 're in the riverside area and want to spend less than £ 20 at a poorly - reviewed coffee shop that serves Chinese food , try The Eagle . Its near Burger King and is not family friendly .
The Punter is an English coffee shop near Café Sicilia . It cost less than £ 20 , is not family - friendly , and has low customer ratings .
There 's a coffee shop called The Eagle . They serve moderately priced Chinese food . They 're only rated 1 out of 5 but they are kid friendly . The Eagle is located near Burger King in the city centre .
Riverside and family Friendly with a customer Rating of 5 out of 5 you will find The Eagle located near Café Brazil .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop in the city centre serving Chinese food for under £ 20 . It has a low customer rating .
There is a restaurant in the riverside area called The Golden Palace . It is a coffee shop serving English style foods . its prices are high and has an average rating of 1 out of 5 by customers .
On the riverside near Burger King there is a high customer rated coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue . It is kid friendly .
There is a children friendly coffee shop and Chinese near The Portland Arms called The Cricketers . It has a customer rating 1 out of 5 .
in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel is family - friendly highly rated English food at Browns Cambridge coffee shop
Alimentum in the riverside area is child friendly .
Clowns coffee shop serves Chinese food near Clare Hall in riverside . They have a high customer rating .
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the price range of more than 30 euros located near The Sorrento in riverside .
The Punter is a child - friendly establishment at the Riverside . It is rated 3 out of 5 .
Clowns is a 5 out of 5 English coffee shop near Clare Hall .
There is a family - friendly restaurant called The Punter located in the city centre and has a low customer rating .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine . It is not kids friendly .
The Mill , coffee shop located near The Sorrento in the riverside area , has English food for cheap prices .
A kid friendly group called The Wrestlers has a high customer rating .
There is a cheap coffee shop that serves English food in the riverside area near Burger King named The Eagle . It was rated by customers 5 out of 5 .
No families at The Wrestlers . Rated low near The Sorrento .
Aromi is a coffee shop that offer Chinese cuisine . Rated number 1 by existing customers , it is located in a riverside area and welcomes children .
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving British food . Inexpensive , family friendly place to eat near the river and Burger King .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine , Travellers Rest Beefeater has a high customer rating in Riverside .
There is a children friendly , low customer rating coffee shop The Cambridge Blue located on the riverside near Burger King .
The Mill is a cheap coffee shop which serves English food which is in the riverside area near The Sorrento
Riverside has a family friendly restaurant called The Punter that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop located in riverside with a price range of less than £ 20 . The restaurant is not family - friendly .
For a moderately priced Chinese coffee shop in riverside try The Golden Palace rated 3 out of 5 and moderately priced .
A 5 out of 5 Midsummer House is near The Bakers .
Fitzbillies is a family friendly coffee shop with a low customer rating of its English food for less than 20 Euros down by the riverside .
With a 1 out of 5 rating , The Wrestlers , would not be considered family friendly .
Clowns is a 5 star coffee shop located near Clare Hall .
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop caters to adults only located near Burger King in the riverside area .
Clowns , near Clare Hall , is a low rated riverside coffee shop .
The Eagle is a coffee shop having Chinese food in a cheap price range , customer rating is 5 out of 5 . Located in city centre near Burger King and no family friendly .
If you are looking for a kids friendly place , try The Eagle , in the riverside area . It is located near Café Brazil and it has a customer Rating of 3 out of 5 .
There is a coffee shop The Cambridge Blue located in city centre near Burger King . Not family - friendly with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
Near The Sorrento is an establishment with a 1 out of 5 customer rating , it is called The Wrestlers . Yes it is children friendly
Cotto is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . It serves Chinese food for a moderate price . It is located near The Portland Arms in the city centre .
The Wrestlers is not family friendly and has an average costumer review
The Eagle coffee shop specializes in providing Chinese food at cheap prices while garnering a customer service rating of 5 out of 5 , located in the city centre , the Eagle is family friendly and is near the Burger King .
Fitzbillies is a popular , family - friendly coffee shop in the city centre , serving high - priced English food .
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop that costs more than 30 pounds with a high customer rating . It is located in city centre and is not child friendly .
A moderately priced Chinese coffee shop named Fitzbillies , has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , is not child friendly and is located in the city centre .
The Eagle is situated on the riverside near Café Brazil . Its customers rate it very highly - 5 out of 5 . However , no , it is not family - friendly .
Wildwood is a medium scale coffee shop that serves all - American food located in Ranch .
Near The Sorrento , there is The Wrestlers has a rating of 1 out of 5 , and is kid - friendly .
The Phoenix has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is located within riverside .
By the riverside and near Café Sicilia is Bibimbap House .
With a kid friendly environment Cocum has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 serving moderately priced English food .
coffee Shop Clowns provides Chinese food and is located close to Clare Hall by the riverside
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly restaurant near The Sorrento with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Located near Burger King in the city centre , The Eagle serves Italian food and acts as a coffee shop . With a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , it also is very children friendly .
Fitzbillies serves Chinese food in the riverside area . It is a moderately priced , kid friendly , coffee shop that received a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
The Cambridge Blue is a no family - friendly coffee shop with low customer rating . It is located near Burger King in the city centre .
The Punter located at the riverside has a Customer rating of 3 out of 5 and a Children - friendly place .
Midsummer House is located near The Bakers and has a perfect customer rating .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the low price range . It is located by the riverside , welcomes families and has average customer ratings .
Near the riverside and near Burger King is The Cambridge Blue coffee shop . It is children Friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
The Wrestlers boats high customer ratings and is kid friendly .
Cocum is an expensive , Child friendly coffee shop offering Chinese food and has an average rating .
Cocum , a family - friendly coffee shop , serves Chinese food at a decent price in a good environment .
Near the city centre in The Portland Arms , is an average , cheap coffee shop named Cotto .
Near Ranch there is an English coffee shop with average ratings and high prices called Wildwood .
Near Riverside by the Burger King , is a coffee shop style Chinese place called The Eagle , it 's cheap and the ratings are average , they aren 't however family friendly .
Low rate , not family friendly , Aromi Chinese coffee shop in the city center .
Somewhere that costs less than £ 20 is The Golden Palace in the Riverside area . The coffee Shop does have a low rating but serves English food .
The Eagle offers low - priced English - style food in the city centre . It is located near Burger King , is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating .
Families with children are welcome at The Cricketers coffee shop , which serves poor - quality English food . It is located near The Portland Arms .
Near The Sorrento on the riverside is a coffee shop that provides English food for more than £ 30 . Its called The Mill .
Cotto is an cheap coffee shop near The Portland Arms in City centre . It has a mid - ranged rating .
Cocum is a coffee shop that has English food items . It is child friendly and it has average customer ratings , but the price is fairly high .
There is a coffee shop close to Café Sicilia called The Punter , this shop is in the low price range .
Alimentum is a family - friendly living in riverside .
The Eagle coffee shop 's Chinese food , moderately priced , customer rating 1 out of 5 , located city centre , kid friendly , located near Burger King .
family - friendly highly rated English food at Browns Cambridge coffee shop in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel
Fitzbillies is a highly rated kid - friendly coffee shop serving English food for £ 20 - 25 in the city center .
The Cambridge Blue , in riverside , is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . They are child friendly , and located near Burger King .
Near to Clare Hall , by the river , there 's a Chinese coffee shop called Clowns that is highly rated .
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £ 30 price range . It is near Café Sicilia . Its customer rating is high .
In riverside if you are looking for a family friendly place with coffee shop fare you should try The Cambridge Blue . It has very high ratings and is located near Burger King .
There is a coffee shop called the Fitzbillies located in Riverside that serves Chinese food Ina cheap price range . It has an Average customer rating and is not family friendly .
Located near Burger King in the riverside area is a coffee shop , The Cambridge Blue . It is not family - friendly , but has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
The Wrestlers is an average restaurant that is children friendly .
The Mill serves Chinese food for around £ 20 - 25 . It 's by the river , near The Sorrento coffee shop .
The Cambridge Blue is a family - friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating located near Burger King in the city centre .
The Wrestlers is an English coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre . It sells things for less than £ 20 and is family - friendly .
Aromi is an English coffee shop that welcomes children near the riverside with a low customer rating
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving Chinese food . It is near the city centre and has a high customer rating with an average price range of £ 30 .
The Golden Palace English coffee shop in the city centre has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is cheap in price .
A child friendly location in the riverside area is The Punter . It has a high customer rating .
The coffee shop known as Cotto is located in the city centre close to The Portland Arms . It offers Chinese cuisine at a moderate price and is rated a 3 out of 5 .
The Punter offers a child friendly atmosphere in Riverside . They have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
On riverside is The Phoenix with a 5 out of 5 customer rating
The Cricketers coffee Shop is next to The Portland Arms and is adult only
The Wrestlers is a decent family - friendly place .
The Eagle offers Japanese food and coffee shop with cheap price near Burger King in riverside .
The Wrestlers is a low price coffee shop offering traditional English food near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city center . It 's not family - friendly .
Close to The Portland Arms there is a coffee shop The Cricketers that provides English . It is children friendly and has an average customer rating .
Child friendly , mid - priced , and highly rated , The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop , found near Café Sicilia .
Fitzbillies is a cheap average rating English coffee shop that 's not family - friendly in the city centre .
There is a kid friendly highly rated English coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel . It is named Browns Cambridge .
Chinese coffee shop Clowns is near Clare Hall in the city centre and has an average customer rating .
Children friendly restaurant is The Wrestlers , near The Sorrento .
The Wrestlers is children friendly and has an average customer rating .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms . It has a one star ranking and is family friendly .
The Eagle is in riverside near Café Brazil and is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating
In riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 , is a venue for kids called The Punter . yes its very good indeed .
The Wrestlers is child friendly but has a low customer rating .
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is located in the riverside . It is near Burger King . Its customer rating is average .
Over by the riverside there is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies . They serve English food and kids can go in . There fairly average , but moderately priced .
The Punter is a coffee shop located next to Café Sicilia . It serves cheap food and is family friendly .
The Wrestlers is near the riverside and Raja Indian Cuisine . It serves Indian food and allows children . It has a average rating .
There is a no family - friendly coffee shop The Cambridge Blue located near Burger King in the riverside . Its customer rating is average .
The Travellers Rest Beefeater has an average customer rating . It is located in the riverside area near the Raja Indian Cuisine .
Fitzbillies is a high priced Chinese coffee shop located in city centre .
The Wrestlers is a high rated kid friendly place near The Sorrento .
A place with an average customer rating in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine is Travellers Rest Beefeater .
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese for under £ 20 . It has a low customer rating . It is located in the city center . It is not family friendly . It is near Burger King .
Located at the riverside near Café Brazil , The Eagle has a Customer rating of 1 out of 5 and a Family friendly place .
Near Burger King , in the riverside area , is a place called Alimentum , and it is kid friendly .
The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop . is is expensive : more than £ 30 . on the river side near The Sorrento .
A cheap coffee shop that serves Chinese food called Cotto , is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms and the customers rate it at average .
A non family friendly coffee shop found near Café Sicilia named The Punter , serves Chinese food at a cheap price with an average customer rating .
Located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel is a coffee shop that has something on the menu for the whole family called Browns Cambridge .
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that is kids friendly and has high ratings . It is located near Burger King on the riverside .
Located riverside near Burger King , Alimentum is children friendly .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near The Portland Arms . Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
Fitzbillies is a moderate price ranged coffee shop serving English food . It is family - friendly , in the city centre and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
There is a coffee shop Clowns in the area of riverside near Clare Hall . It has a rating 1 out of 5 and serves Chinese food .
The Punter serves cheap English food Customer rated 5 out of 5 . It is a family friendly place near Café Sicilia .
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop featuring Chinese cuisine . It is located in riverside and has an AVERAGE customer rating .
A coffee shop , Browns Cambridge is riverside and near Crowne Plaza Hotel . It has average customer rating and is family friendly .
The Eagle , located in the city centre near Café Brazil , is a family - friendly venue that was been rated average in customer ratings .
The coffee shop ' The Wrestlers ' is located on the riverside , near ' Raja Indian Cuisine ' . They serve English food and a price range of less than £ 20 , and are not family - friendly .
The Wrestlers has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . It is kid friendly and is near The Sorrento .
In the riverside area The Phoenix has an average customer rating .
The Eagle is an English coffee shop located next to Burger King and in the riverside area . Customers give this coffee shop a 1 out of 5 rating . The Eagle is a kid friendly place with moderate pricing .
Visit The Wrestlers , a low priced family friendly breakfast and coffee shop located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
There is a coffee shop called The Eagle that has Chinese food . They have a rating of 5 out of 5 and have cheap food options . They are on the riverside near Burger King . However , they do not allow children .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop , providing Chinese food . It is family friendly and has been awarded an average customer rating . You will find this coffee shop near The Portland Arms .
In a riverside location The Punter is family friendly with a top customer rating .
Cocum coffee shop is a high quality family friendly restaurant .
The Punter is a inexpensive family friendly coffee shop that sells Chinese food near Café Sicilia . However , it has a low customer rating .
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop near Burger King . The customer rating is average . It is in riverside .
Cocum is an adult English coffee shop with high price range and low customer rating 1 out of 5
In Riverside there is a place called The Golden Palace with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 but is moderately priced Chinese food , a coffee shop style place .
Cotto is a coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms , serving English food . They have a high customer rating and you can expect to pay around £ 20 to £ 25 .
The Eagle has an unbeatable customer rating of 5 out of 5 . Situated on the riverside near Café Brazil , it is a no for families .
Wildwood , a coffee shop located near the Ranch , serves inexpensive breakfast foods .
In city centre is The Cambridge Blue- a coffee shop- with family - friendly services located near Burger King .
The Cambridge Blue is a child friendly coffee shop in the area Riverside , near Burger King . Customers rate this a 3 out of 5 .
The Mill , near The Sorrento in riverside is a moderately priced English coffee shop
Cocum is a family - friendly British coffee shop . It is inexpensive and has a customer rating of one out of five .
The Wrestlers close to The Sorrento is a friendly place , rated 3 out of 5
A children friendly place with a 5 out of 5 customer rating called The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento .
Located in the city centre area near The Sorrento is a coffee shop named The Mill which serves English food with a moderate price range
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop located in the city centre that provides Chinese cuisine . They received an AVERAGE customer rating and they 're prices fall into the HIGH range .
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop and Chinese restaurant located in Riverside near to Crowne Plaza Hotel
The Mill as a coffee shop near The Sorrento in the city centre providing English food with a price range less than £ 20 .
Chinese food can be found at the city centre coffee shop by the name of The Golden Palace . They have decent ratings , and moderate prices .
The Mill is a Chinese coffee shop in the river side , near The Sorrento . Price range is more than £ 30 .
Cotto next to The Portland Arms on the riverside is cheap English customer rating 5 out of 5
You can enjoy British cuisine at The Wrestlers , a family coffee shop in the mid - price range by a river and near Raja Indian Cuisine .
Located in city centre , The Golden Palace is a server of high quality English food and coffee . With a price range of £ 20 - 25 , The Golden Palace is surely a stand - out dining experience .
The Mill , coffee shop and Chinese restaurant is high in price in the riverside near The Sorrento .
The Punter is a highly - customer - rated restaurant in the riverside that is kids - friendly .
The Punter is a kid friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating . They serve Chinese food near Café Sicilia at a moderate price .
The Eagle is a family friendly coffee shop located next to Burger King .
The Taste of Cambridge , a child - friendly , English coffee shop , is located in riverside area , near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
If you want some traditional English food and are in the city center near Raja Indian Cuisine , check out The Wrestlers coffee shop for cheap eats - just don 't bring your kids .
Aromi coffee shop have Chinese food with average customer rating in riverside and also children friendly .
For Chinese food on the riverside try Browns Cambridge coffee shop . It serves Chinese food and has received average customer ratings . It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel but is not suitable for customers looking for a family friendly eating house .
Located near The Bakers Midsummer House has an average rating
Highly rated The Phoenix can be found in the riverside area .
The Phoenix is an fantastic bar in the city center , we highly recommend with a 5 out of 5 stars rating .
The Eagle , a coffee shop that serves moderately priced Chinese food , is located in city centre near Burger King .
Taste of Cambridge is a restaurant that serves English food . It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel is the city centre area . It is also a coffee shop . It is not family - friendly .
The Golden Palace is a cheap coffee shop located near the scenic riverside .
There is a cheap coffee shop named The Eagle located in the city centre near the Burger King . This family friendly establishment serving Chinese food has a rating of 5 out of 5 .
The Eagle is children friendly . Its customer rating is average . its near Café Brazil over by riverside .
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food , It has a cheap price range . It is located at the riverside near The Sorrento
A kid friendly coffee shop just opened up by the Crowne Plaza Hotel . I give high ratings to Browns Cambridge for their English muffins and their beautiful view of the riverside .
The Cambridge Blue is a kid friendly coffee shop near Burger King by the riverside .
Wildwood is a coffee shop also offering English themed food , near Ranch , good ratings .
coffee shop called The Eagle is family - friendly , sells English food and is cheap with a customer rating 5 out of 5 in the city centre near Burger King
The Mill is an English coffee shop in the city centre near The Sorrento that is priced in the less than £ 20 range .
The Golden Palace is a low cost coffee shop that also serves breakfast items .
Alimentum is a not family - friendly place near the riverside .
Fitzbillies , coffee shop , Chinese food , price range moderate , customer rating 3 out of 5 , area city centre , not kids friendly
In the riverside area is the coffee shop The Golden Palace . It offers Chinese food in the higher price range and has an average customer rating .
Located near Café Sicilia , The Punter has a 1 out of 5 customer rating . It offers Chinese food and a coffee shop . Prices are in the high range and it is not child friendly .
The Mill moderately priced Chinese coffee shop is by the river , near The Sorrento
Near Café Sicilia is The Punter coffee shop offering English food at high prices , rated 1 out of 5 .
Cotto is a moderately priced coffee shop located near The Portland Arms .
Family friendly venue near the Burger King on the riverside is called Alimentum .
The Wrestlers is a high price range coffee shop . It 's in the centre of the city , near Raja Indian Cuisine . It serves English food and is children Friendly .
with an average rating The Punter at riverside is children friendly
The Eagle is a lesser known eatery on the riverside , close to Café Brazil and welcomes diners with children .
The Punter is a family friendly coffee shop serving British food . It is near Café Sicilia .
The Eagle is a child friendly riverside restaurant with a 3 star rating . It is located near the Café Brazil .
A coffee shop located near Burger King serving English food , called The Eagle in the Riverside area has a 1 out of 5 customer rating . The price range is high and it is not children friendly .
The Alimentum is in the riverside area . It is a family friendly place .
Based on the riverside is a coffee shop called The Golden Palace which serves English food . It has excellent customer feedback and is around £ 30
The Cricketers is a coffee shop serving English food located near The Portland Arms . They are child friendly and have a high customer rating .
The Wrestlers has a 3 out of 5 customer rating and is child friendly .
The coffee shop Fitzbillies as moderately priced Chinese food and is rated a 1 out of 5 . Check Fitzbillies out by the riverside .
Wildwood is a Cheap coffee shop that provide English food near Ranch that has 5 out of 5 customer rating
Fitzbillies coffee shop serves Chinese food in the riverside area . It is moderately priced and has an average customer rating but is not kid friendly .
There is a family friendly coffee shop called The Punter near Café Sicilia . Their you can find English food for cheap prices . Furthermore , this place has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
Fitzbillies is not a children friendly English coffee shop . The customer rating is 1 out of 5 , as well as having a very high price range . If you are interested , it is located in riverside .
On the riverside , near to Café Brazil , is a restaurant called The Eagle . It 's quite new so customer ratings are low but it is very child friendly .
There is a moderately priced Thai restaurant for the family that has a 3 - star rating , called Cocum coffee shop .
There is an English coffee shop near Burger King called The Eagle with a high price range and 1 out of 5 customer rating .
Fitzbillies with a high rating as a coffee shop in the city centre provides English food with a price range £ 20 - 25 . They are not kids friendly .
Wildwood is an English coffee shop located near Ranch with moderate price range that received 1 out of 5 star customer rating .
Aromi is a Chinese coffee shop with a low customer rating in the riverside area .
A good choice for Chinese food in the city centre is The Eagle . This no children - friendly coffee shop has slightly high price range , but high customer ratings . It is located near Burger King .
coffee shop and Chinese food , Fitzbillies , in Riverside . High price range and customer rating 1 out of 5 . No children .
The Cocum coffee shop is not child friendly and serves English food that is priced high and rated average by customers .
good place for children and for food the name is The Punter area riverside
Cotto , a highly - rated coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms , serves English food . Prices average more than £ 30 .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food in the 20 to 25 pound price range . It has a high customer rating and is located in the city centre . It is not kid - friendly .
The Wrestlers has satisfactory reviews and is kid friendly .
Wildwood is a Chinese coffee shop near Ranch . Price is moderate and rating 1 out of 5 .
Cocum its a low - cost and good food restaurant for all family
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is located in the riverside . It is near Burger King . Its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food at low prices . It is okay and is located in the city centre . It is family friendly and is near to Burger King .
The Phoenix has a low customer rating and is located in the city center .
The Punter is located in riverside . Yes it is children friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
The Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop located by the riverside , near the Crowne Plaza Hotel . It is not child friendly .
The Wrestlers have an average customer rating , and is near the family friendly restaurant called The Sorrento .
Near Clare Hall there is a coffee shop named Clowns where they serve English food on the river side with a rating of 5 out of 5 .
The Eagle is in the riverside area near Café Brazil which is family friendly and has an average customer rating .
The Wrestlers near The Sorrento has average ratings and is not family - friendly .
The Wrestlers is a place that has average rating and is not family - friendly
The Eagle is a family friendly restaurant with low customer ratings . It is located on the riverside near Café Brazil .
The Punter , a cheap coffee shop , is near Café Sicilia . It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is family friendly , serving English food .
A coffee shop for families , Browns Cambridge , serving Chinese food is situated in the city centre , near the Crowne Plaza Hotel . It receives an average rating ..
Situated in the riverside area , is a coffee shop which serves Chinese cuisine called The Golden Palace . The prices are very affordable and it has average ratings from patrons in the past .
Fitzbillies coffee shop provides a kid friendly venue for Chinese food at an average price point in the riverside area . It is highly rated by customers .
The Punter is a cheap coffee shop located next to Café Sicilia . It is family friendly .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop serving English food . It is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel . with low ratings .
There is an expensive coffee shop that serves breakfast and is 3 star . It is called Cocum .
For something a little upmarket try Fitzbillies in the city centre . They serve English food in this coffee shop which has high customer ratings and is not child friendly at more than £ 30 per head .
In riverside is a low rated venue called The Phoenix .
The children friendly restaurant , The Wrestlers , has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
For moderately priced Chinese food with an average customer rating , try Fitzbillies coffee shop in the riverside area . Not kid friendly .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food , has a low customer rating and is located by the area of riverside . No it is not family friendly . Browns Cambridge is near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The Eagle is a highly rated coffee shop located in the city centre near Burger King . It provides Chinese food in the £ 20- £ 25 price range and is not kid friendly .
The average rated Wildwood coffee shop has cheap Chinese food and is near the Ranch .
Midsummer House is an average restaurant near The Bakers
The Mill is a cheaply priced coffee shop which serves English food . It is located in Riverside near The Sorrento .
The Eagle is a kid friendly restaurant that serves English food near Burger King in the riverside area . It has a price range of 20 - 25 pounds and is a highly rated coffee shop .
There is a coffee shop on riverside that is child friendly that serves Chinese food , Fitzbillies . It has a high price range and an average customer rating .
Aromi is a coffee shop serving British food . It is not family friendly .
The Eagle is average . It is on the riverside next to the Café Brazil , no family place .
Tucked away at the city centre near Burger King , The Eagle coffee shop is family friendly and serves Chinese food priced at less than 20 British Pounds ,
Child friendly , The Wrestlers have low ratings .
The Golden Palace coffee shop in the city centre is an average rated place with cheap English food .
Cocum is a child friendly , English style coffee shop with higher prices and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Rated 3 out of 5 by customers , The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento and is kid friendly .
The coffee shop Cocum serves English food at an average price . It is not kids - friendly but it is highly rated by customers .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop with price range more than 30 located in the city centre . It has a high customer rating and has English food .
The Mill is a coffee shop that serves Chinese Food . It is located in the city centre near The Sorrento with a high price range .
Cotto is an expensive , highly - rated English coffee shop in the City Centre near The Portland Arms .
The Cricketers is a child free , coffee shop and a Chinese restaurant near The Portland Arms .
Rated high by its customers , The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop located by The Portland Arms .
A kid friendly , 5 - star rated restaurant located near The Sorrento is called The Wrestlers .
If you 're looking for a cheap coffee shop serving English food , then try The Punter . It is family friendly with an average customer rating . it 's located near Café Sicilia .
Taste of Cambridge is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food in riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The Punter is a family - friendly coffee shop located near Café Sicilia .
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves English food and is near Clare Hall . It is located riverside and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
Located near The Sorrento , The Wrestlers is family friendly with a low customer rating .
The Eagle , near Burger King in the city centre , is a coffee shop with English food . It is in the high price range and has an average customer rating . It is children - friendly .
Located near Café Sicilia , the cheap coffee shop The Punter serves English food . It has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but is not family - friendly .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop serving Chinese food by the riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel . It has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is not family friendly .
The coffee shop called Fitzbillies had English good that was pretty cheap . It is located in the city centre where the unfriendly families rated it 5 out of 5
Fitzbillies is family friendly coffee shop that offers meals at affordable prices .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop that is Chinese and the customer rating is average and it is not family friendly . It is near The Portland Arms .
For Chinese food in riverside there is a moderately priced coffee shop that is kid friendly named The Wrestlers near Raja Indian Cuisine .
Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee Shop that is situated by the riverside . It is cheap and has an average customer rating .
Alimentum is a child friendly establishment located near Burger King on the riverside .
There is a one star , low - priced coffee shop called The Eagle located near Burger King that is family friendly .
The Wrestlers is children friendly with an average customer rating near The Sorrento .
The Eagle is adults only and it has very good reviews . It is located on the riverside close to Café Brazil .
The Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop . It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the area of Riverside . This is a family friendly coffee shop serving English food .
You can drink coffee and have a great view at The Golden Palace coffee shop .
A family friendly , 5 out of 5 customer rating place called The Wrestlers is near The Sorrento .
There is a high - end riverside coffee shop called Fitzbillies which serves English food . It has an average customer rating but is not suitable for children .
Located in the city centre area is Fitzbillies . With a price range of less than £ 20 as well as a low customer rating this Chinese coffee shop is also not family friendly .
By the riverside , there is a Chinese coffee shop that is not family friendly with prices less than £ 20 and low customer ratings named Fitzbillies .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area . It has a high customer rating and serves cheap food .
1 out of 5 customer rated , mid priced family friendly Chinese restaurant called The Eagle is in the city center . , near Burger King .
Clowns is an English coffee shop on the river near Clare Hall . It is not good .
The Portland Arms is near the Cotto which is a coffee shop that has English food . Located in the riverside area with moderate prices and a rating of 1 out of 5 .
The restaurant The Wrestlers located near The Sorrento id child friendly and has high customer ratings .
There is a coffee shop near the river called The Golden Palace , it is mid - price range .
The Cricketers is an English food . It located near The Portland Arms . It 's a coffee shop . It 's children friendly . its customer rating is average .
The Punter is a coffee shop that serves Chinese at a moderate price . The customer rating is 1 out of five and they don 't like kids but it is near Café Sicilia .
There is a restaurant located in the Riverside area near The Portland Arms called Cotto . This restaurant has a coffee shop vibe that offers fair priced foods . Cotto has a high customer value because they offer quality foods for fair prices .
Fitzbillies is a three star coffee shop in city centre that sell Chinese food at a moderate cost for adults only .
A Chinese coffee shop that is family friendly has average ratings and is named Cocum .
Near Café Brazil in the city centre , The Eagle has low ratings and is not family - friendly .
At the city centre is Fitzbillies , a Chinese coffee shop . Although not kids friendly , they offer food in the £ 20 - 25 range .
In Riverside there is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies . It offers expensive English food , is child friendly and has an average customer rating .
Cocum coffee shop offers highly rated Chinese food . The average price is £ 20 - 25 and the space is kid friendly .
The Eagle is located in the city centre area near Burger King . This high - priced coffee shop serves English food with an average customer rating . This is not a family - friendly coffee shop .
Midsummer House is an average rated restaurant located near The Bakers .
Wildwood is a coffee shop serving English breakfast food in the low price range . It is located near the Ranch and has a three - star customer rating .
Midsummer House is located near The Bakers and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating
Cotto is a coffee shop located at the riverside near The Portland Arms . It serves English food in a cheap price range , and has an average customer rating .
The Punter is a family - friendly restaurant located in city centre .
Cocum is a non child friendly coffee shop serving English food at the higher price range . It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
The Wrestlers near The Sorrento is a low rated children Friendly
Located near Café Sicilia , is a coffee shop with a low customer rating called the Punter . The Punter is children friendly and high priced .
Near Burger King in riverside there is a coffee shop named The Cambridge Blue . It is children friendly with a 5 out of 5 rating .
By the riverside , you will find the Fitzbillies . It is cheap but excellent coffee shop that also serves Chinese food .
In the riverside area , near The Sorrento , there is an expensive Chinese coffee shop called The Mill .
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range . It is located in the city centre . It is near Burger King . Its customer rating is average .
The Wrestlers is an English coffee shop located along the river near Raja Indian Cuisine . The prices are quite high and it is not recommended to bring children .
Fitzbillies is a family - friendly coffee shop located in the city centre , which has a price range is less than £ 20 , but yet the customer rating is low .
The Wrestlers has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . It is a family friendly place .
Cotto is a coffee shop located near The Portland Arms in the city centre . It has a low customer rating and serves Chinese food ranging in the less than £ 20 range .
The ratings for The Wrestlers restaurant are low . However , it is a family restaurant . It is located near The Sorrento .
The Punter is located in Riverside , and is child friendly with a high customer rating .
Fitzbillies is a family friendly style coffee shop . with a great view of the river
The Cricketers near The Portland Arms is a coffee shop providing English food . They are rated low and not family - friendly .
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced coffee shop serving Chinese food that received a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . Kid friendly and located in riverside .
With 1 out of 5 being its average customer rating . The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that can be found on the riverside , with fairly priced English food .
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is located in the city centre . It is near Burger King . Its customer rating is average .
Aromi is an English coffee shop that also serves food . It is located in the riverside area . It has an average rating and is not family - friendly .
Located next to Raja Indian Cuisine , is a non family low priced coffee shop called The Wrestlers .
The Wrestlers is a non family - friendly show with a low customer rating .
In city centre , near Burger King , there is a high priced English coffee shop called The Eagle . They are not child friendly and have an average customer rating .
Cocum is a coffee shop offering high end Chinese food . it has an average customer rating and is focused more for adult customers
Near Café Sicilia is a coffee shop offering English food , called The Punter . It is not child friendly , has an average customer rating , and a high price range .
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is near Café Sicilia . Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
Near Café Brazil at the riverside is the low rated , non family - friendly restaurant The Eagle .
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside . It is near Clare Hall . Its customer rating is average .
On the riverside there is a coffee shop called The Mill which serves English Food for £ 20 - £ 25 . It is close to The Sorrento .
Fitzbillies is a family friendly style coffee shop . with a great view of the river
Near Café Sicilia with customer Rating high , The Punter coffee Shop . We offer Chinese food starting at £ 30 . Children are allowed .
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the city centre near Burger King . It 's price range is high and has an average customer rating . It 's suitable for children .
The Cotto English coffee shop in riverside , located near The Portland Arms , has a price range of less than £ 20 and a low customer rating .
The Wrestlers has a rating of 1 out of 5 , and is kid - friendly . It is located near The Sorrento .
The Eagle is a high priced family restaurant located near Burger King and the river .
The Mill is a moderately priced coffee shop serving Chinese food . It is moderately priced and is in the riverside area near The Sorrento .
By the riverside , close to Café Sicilia , a Bibimbap House can be found .
The Eagle coffee shop near Burger King has a high price range and an average customer rating .
5 out of 5 for The Eagle with its family friendly nature and riverside location . It can be found near Café Brazil
Kid friendly , .Taste of Cambridge Chinese coffee shop is in riverside , near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
An English coffee shop called the Cocum has price range less than £ 20 and low customer ratings . It is not family - friendly .
The Eagle is in the city centre near to Café Brazil . Its not family - friendly and has a rating of 5 out of 5
With a children - friendly environment , The Punter has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is located in the riverside area .
Fitzbillies is an English coffee shop in the city centre with a price range of more than £ 30 . It has a high customer rating and is child friendly .
there is a cheap coffee shop The Wrestlers serving English food located in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine adults only
The Eagle is a non - family - friendly English coffee shop in Riverside near Burger King with a cheap price range and has an average customer rating .
Clowns is a coffee shop providing Chinese food , has a rating of 1 out of 5 and is located at riverside near Clare Hall
The Punter is not family - friendly and is located in city centre with outstanding ratings .
The Punter has a low customer rating is in riverside and is family friendly
Fitzbillies is a non - family friend Chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating . They are cheap and in the city centre .
The coffee shop Cocum has a moderate price range . It is an English speaking establishment and is kid friendly . The customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
The Taste of Cambridge is a great coffee shop along the riverside , and is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel . It is not family friendly , but serves Chinese food .
Wildwood is a mid - priced , food serving coffee shop located next to the Ranch .
There is a cheap coffee shop Cocum offering Chinese food that is not family friendly . The customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
Fitzbillies is a kid friendly coffee shop . Serving moderately priced English food . Located in the city centre with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
Located on the riverside , near Burger King , The Eagle is a high priced English coffee shop with moderate ratings and a family friendly atmosphere .
The Cambridge Blue is a low rated kid - friendly coffee shop in riverside . It is near Burger King .
Cotto offers lovely English food in a coffee shop - high prices , average ratings , near The Portland Arms and on the riverside
On the riverside near the Burger King there is a kids friendly place called Alimentum .
The Wrestlers its a restaurant for all family with good food located near Raja Indian Cuisine
The Cambridge Blue is a kid friendly coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 customer rating . It is located near Burger King in the riverside area .
Customers rate The Golden Palace , a coffee shop with English food as a 1 out of 5 . Located in the city centre , prices are in the high range .
In the riverside area , there is a family friendly coffee shop that sells Chinese food for less than £ 20 near Raja Indian Cuisine called The Wrestlers .
The Mill is a coffee shop located in the riverside near The Sorrento that provides Chinese food which has a price range of £ 20 - 25 .
The Punter is a kid friendly restaurant in the riverside area . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
The Golden Palace in city centre is a coffee shop with English cuisine . The price range is moderate and the current customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
Clowns Chinese coffee shop by the riverside , near Clare Hall only has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food , located in the city centre near Crowne Plaza Hotel . The customer Rating is low but is family friendly .
The Cricketers coffee shop , located near The Portland Arms , serves poor - quality English food . Families with children are welcome .
Taste of Cambridge is a child friendly coffee shop specializing in English cuisine in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
A coffee shop called Wildwood , which serves cheap English food , has an average customer rating and is near Ranch .
Near the Burger King is a coffee shop called , The Eagle , that serves traditional English food . It is higher priced and suitable for families .
In the riverside area you will find The Punter which is family friendly and has an average rating .
There is a children friendly English coffee shop by the Crowne Plaza Hotel near the riverside area called Browns Cambridge . It has a rating of 1 out of five .
The Eagle coffee shop is family - friendly , mid price range , and is located on the river near Burger King .
The Eagle is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food at a minimum cost of £ 30 . They have a high customer rating and are child friendly . You can find it near Burger King in the city centre .
The family friendly The Wrestlers has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Chinese food for less than £ 20 . It has a low rating and is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms .
There is a cheap coffee shop with average ratings and English food in city centre near The Portland Arms named Cotto .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food at moderate prices with a 1 out of 5 customer rating in city centre .
There is a cheap Chinese coffee shop called Wildwood . It is near the Ranch and has an average customer rating .
The Cambridge Blue has average ratings but is family - friendly . This coffee shop can be found near Burger King in the riverside area .
A cheap English coffee shop in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine is called The Wrestlers . It isn 't family - friendly .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel . It is located on the riverside . It is not family - friendly , but receives a 5 out of 5 rating .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop serving English food . It is located in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel . with low ratings .
In the city centre there is a coffee shop serving English food called Clowns . It 's located near Clare Hall . It has an average customer rating .
The Punter is a family friendly restaurant in Riverside with low ratings .
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop with Chinese food in riverside . Received a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is not family friendly .
The Punter is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 that serves Chinese food in the low price range . It is family friendly and can be found near the Café Sicilia .
The Cricketers is an English food coffee shop located near The Portland Arms .
Located in the in the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine , Travellers Rest Beefeater is rated 1 out of 5 .
There is an average rated Chinese coffee shop near Clare Hall called Clowns . It is located in the riverside area .
The Eagle is a high priced , average rated , kid friendly Chinese coffee shop near Burger King in Riverside .
The Punter is a coffee shop providing English food . It is located near of Café Sicilia .
The Golden Palace is an affordable British restaurant and coffee shop outside of the City Centre . It offers a five star dining experience .
A Family friendly place called The Eagle located at the riverside near Café Brazil and a Family friendly place has a Customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
The coffee shop , Cocum , is family friendly with low prices . It provides British food and has a 1 out of 5 star rating .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city center with an average rating . This English place has a high price range for adults .
The Phoenix , near the city centre , has an average customer rating .
Cocum serves moderately priced English food in a coffee shop atmosphere . It is not child friendly and has an average customer rating .
Cotto is a coffee shop serving Chinese food with prices ranging from £ 20 - 25 . Cotto has a high customer service rating in the area of riverside near The Portland Arms .
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food in the low price range with a low customer rating . It is located in the city centre near The Portland Arms .
The Punter in riverside is family friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
Along the riverside and near Raja Indian Cuisine is Travellers Rest Beefeater which has a high customer rating .
The Eagle , rated 1 out of 5 , is kid friendly , near Café Brazil in Riverside .
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that has a kid friendly atmosphere and high customer ratings . It may be found in the riverside area near Burger King .
Cocum is a coffee shop that isn 't kid friendly but serves Chinese food within a moderate price range . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
The Cricketers , a coffee shop near The Portland Arms , serves Chinese in a family friendly environment but has an average customer rating .
There is a moderately priced coffee shop The Mill . It is in the city centre near The Sorrento and they serve English food .
The Cambridge Blue coffee shop is child friendly and located near Burger King on the riverside . It has a low customer approval .
The Punter is a Chinese coffee shop with price range of more than 30 pounds . It has high customer rating , is not children friendly , and is near Café Sicilia .
The Eagle coffee shop serves English food . It is near Burger King , in the riverside area . It is in the moderate price range and is kid friendly . The customer rating is a 1 out of 5 .
The Wrestlers is a children friendly coffee shop located in the Riverside area near to the Raja Indian Cuisine . It serves English food and is in the high price range .
The Golden Palace coffee shop in a riverside location serves medium priced English food
Wildwood , English coffee shop , is situated near Ranch and has moderate pricing . It received 1 out of 5 star rating .
Cocum is a coffee shop that is inexpensive and not family friendly .
The Eagle is a coffee shop which serves English food for less than £ 20 but has a low customer rating . It is located near Burger King in riverside
Travellers Rest Beefeater is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre and is average .
Fitzbillies coffee shop on the riverside is not family - friendly . it serves English food in a cheap price range and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
Taste of Cambridge is a family - friendly coffee shop providing English food . It is located near the Crown Plaza Hotel in Riverside .
If you looking for children - friendly coffee shop with English food go to Taste of Cambridge near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop having Chinese food with cheap prices , and average customer rating and located in city centre .
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall . Set by the river it sells English food but is poorly rated .
In the riverside area there is a restaurant that is kid friendly named Alimentum
There is a coffee shop , The Wrestlers , serving Chinese food along the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine . It is not kids friendly and is moderately priced .
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly , moderately priced , coffee shop that serves English food . It is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside .
Cocum coffee shot serves high prices Chinese food . It has an average customer rating and is not child friendly .
Fitzbillies 5 star rated coffee shop , located in the city centre , English cuisine at affordable prices , children not permitted .
There is a child - friendly English coffee shop with high ratings near The Portland Arms called The Cricketers .
The Punter is a kid friendly with customer rating of 3 out of 5 , located in Riverside
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop offering Chinese food with a price range of 20 - 25 pounds . This restaurant is located in riverside near the Raja Indian Cuisine restaurant . It is kids friendly .
Located on the river near The Portland Arms , The Cotto offers a classy place to grab a bite with its five star rating .
Fitzbillies is an English riverside coffee shop . Food is cheap , it is not family friendly , and it has 1 star .
The Punter is in riverside , rated average but not family - friendly .
Cotto , located near The Portland Arms in the city centre , is a coffee shop offering moderately priced English food . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
Clowns is located in riverside near Clare Hall . They are a coffee shop that servers English food and have a 1 our of 5 rating .
At the riverside near The Portland Arms , Cotto is a coffee shop that serves English food at less than £ 20 and has low customer rating .
The Wrestlers is children friendly . The customer rating is average and it 's near The Sorrento .
The Wrestlers is a unique coffee shop in the city centre , near the Raja Indian Cuisine restaurant . They are not family friendly and serve amazing Chinese food that is priced less than £ 20 .
Aromi is a one - star coffee shop that is family friendly . It is located near the River .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is located in the city centre . It is near Raja Indian Cuisine .
There is an expensive child friendly coffee shop in riverside called The Wrestlers that offers English food and it 's near Raja Indian Cuisine .
Fitzbillies is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre . It 's not family - friendly and it has a low customer rating . its price range is less than 20 pounds .
The coffee shop located on riverside named Aromi serves English inspired coffee , is family friendly and has an average customer rating .
The Punter in riverside is kid friendly is rated 5 out of 5 .
There is a coffee shop with a price range of more than £ 30 called Wildwood . It is near Ranch , they serve Chinese and have a high customer rating .
Near Café Sicilia , you can find an English coffee shop named The Punter . It has a low rating , but is family friendly and prices are less than 20 pounds .
The Cambridge Blue is a child friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and located by the riverside near a Burger King .
The Wrestlers is a cheap coffee shop located in riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine , they serve English food and our family friendly .
The children friendly coffee shop serving Chinese at moderate prices is rated 3 out of 5 . They 're called The Eagle and are located in the city center . near Burger King .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop that serves Indian food that has an average price range . It allows children and is near the riverside and Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Golden Palace is a great coffee shop selling English food by the city centre . It 's 5 out of 5 and you can get a great meal for cheap there .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop offering English food and rated 5 out of 5 , located by The Portland Arms .
Cotto is a coffee shop with average prices , located near The Portland Arms .
There is a kid - friendly coffee shop called The Cricketers serving Chinese food located near The Portland Arms . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
For an adults - only venue , rated 5 out of 5 by its patrons , head to Browns Cambridge , near Crowne Plaza Hotel in riverside . It is a coffee shop offering English food .
The Eagle is a highly rated coffee shop near Burger King , It 's in the riverside area and usually costs around 30 pounds
Kids friendly Fitzbillies is a coffee shop with English food with a high customer rating in the riverside area with a price range of £ 20 - 25 .
Fitzbillies is low price coffee shop serving Japanese food Located in riverside with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but not family - friendly
The Punter is a coffee shop that has high customer rating and is not kids friendly it is located near Café Sicilia
The Golden Palace is a moderate priced coffee shop located close to the river that provides take away
Near The Sorrento in the riverside area is a cheap Chinese coffee shop called The Mill .
Cotto is a 1 - 5 rated coffee shop that has high priced English food . It is in the area of riverside and near The Portland Arms .
The Wrestlers are family friendly average rated and live near The Sorrento family .
The Wrestlers is a family friendly establishment with a low customer rating .
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms at the riverside that serves Chinese food . The price range is more than £ 30 but was given a high customer rating .
The Wrestlers has a average rating and is not family - friendly
The Wrestlers , a low price family friendly breakfast and coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Eagle , serving English food , has opened near Burger King in the city centre . They are a coffee type eatery , kid friendly with an average customer rating and a high price range .
The Fitzbillies coffee shop which sells English food is located in the city centre .
The Punter is a children - friendly riverside venue . Customer rating 5 out of 5 .
Alimentum is a child - friendly venue located on the riverside .
Yes , Aromi the coffee shop is by the riverside and serves English food , but it has a 1 out of 5 rating .
Near the river and Raja Indian Cuisine is the Travellers Rest Beefeater that has a low customer rating .
The Punter is located in the riverside area with a 1 out of 5 rating . It is kid friendly .
The Eagle is an English coffee shop that costs more than £ 30 . It is not children friendly , but it has a high customer rating . It is in the city centre , near the Burger King .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area . It has a high customer rating , a price range of more than £ 30 and is not child friendly .
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is located in the city centre . It is near Burger King . Its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in the riverside area , near Raja Indian Cuisine . Their menu offers Chinese food , with prices in the high range , and they are not child friendly .
Near Café Brazil in riverside is The Eagle . This is non family - friendly and has a low customer rating .
The Mill is a high end coffee shop that sells Chinese food in riverside near The Sorrento .
The Eagle is located near Café Brazil in the riverside area . They are not family - friendly . They have an average customer rating .
Cotto is a coffee shop that serves moderate priced Chinese food . This restaurant has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is located in riverside near The Portland Arms .
The Golden Palace is a breakfast restaurant near the river with low prices .
There is an English coffee shop in riverside near Burger King called The Eagle . It has a moderate price range and a 3 out of 5 customer rating , but it is not kids friendly .
The Punter at riverside has an average rating is children friendly
There is an English coffee shop in the city centre located near Burger King which has a high price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and also not a Children Friendly named The Eagle
The riverside has many lovely coffee shops , none more so than The Taste of Cambridge , near to the Crown Plaza Hotel is a great to enjoy English food in a family friendly setting .
Alimentum is a restaurant located in riverside near Burger King , Alimentum is not a family - friendly restaurant .
Aromi a coffee shop in riverside serves family - friendly Chinese food rated 5 out of 5 .
The Wrestlers is a low priced , non family coffee shop located next to Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Eagle which is near Café Brazil in Riverside has a customer rating of high it is also children friendly .
Wildwood is a coffee shop in the low price range . It is located near Ranch .
There is a child friendly coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 customer rating near The Portland Arms called The Cricketers .
The Eagle , a family - friendly coffee shop near Burger King in the city centre , serves inexpensive Chinese food . Complaints have been made about The Eagle .
Near the Crowne Plaza Hotel at the riverside there is a coffee ship called Browns Cambridge which serves Chinese food . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kid friendly .
Near Clare Hall in the riverside area you will find Clowns a high customer rating English food coffee in the riverside area .
The Wrestlers is a child - friendly , moderately - priced English coffee shop . It is located in the centre of the city , near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Punter is family - Friendly with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 the riverside area .
Near Clare Hall in the riverside area is a highly rated coffee shop named Clowns offering English food .
Customer friendly , The Punter , has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is located near riverside .
There is a cheap coffee shop called Cotton , located near to The Portland Arms .
The Eagle is a family friendly establishment with an average customer rating . It is located on the riverside , near to Café Brazil .
Located in riverside area , Alimentum restaurant is a place to bring the whole family .
The Eagle is a one star , family friendly coffee shop located near Burger King . It 's low - priced .
The Sorrento by The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant with a 1 out of 5 rating
The Cambridge Blue is a great coffee shop although is not good for family has a average rating , its located in riverside next to Burger King
Located at the riverside near by Café Brazil , The Eagle is a family friendly and customers rate 3 out of 5
A riverside area is The Phoenix with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
The Taste of Cambridge is not a family - friendly coffee shop located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel just off the river .
The Punter is a family friendly with a low rating in the riverside area .
Near Café Sicilia there is a mid - priced coffee shop called , The Punter , that serves traditional English food .
Wildwood is a high priced coffee shop near Ranch that is selling Chinese food . It has an average customer rating .
The Golden Palace in the city centre sells Chinese food in the £ 20- £ 25 price range , although it classifies itself as a coffee shop . It has high customer ratings .
If you 're looking for some cheap English food , a coffee shop named The Golden Palace is rated 5 out of 5 , you 'll find it at the city centre .
Wildwood is an average coffee shop that is highly - priced and serves English food near Ranch .
Adults - only coffee shop , Browns Cambridge , serves Chinese food . It is rated 5 out of 5 by customers and is located by the riverside close to Crowne Plaza Hotel .
Near The Sorrento is The Wrestlers which is child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
A child friendly venue The Wrestlers can be found near The Sorrento , with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
The Wrestlers is children friendly and serves English food . It is near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre . It 's a coffee house with a high price range .
In the Riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine there is a kid friendly moderately priced coffee shop named The Wrestlers serving Chinese food
Cocum is an expensive English coffee shop that has low ratings . It is not kids - friendly .
Family friendly environment at The Cambridge Blue coffee shop . Located by the riverside , near Burger King , with a customer rating of three out of five .
Wildwood is a high rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food near the Ranch and their price range is £ 20 - 25 .
The Punter is a coffee shop with a high price range near Café Sicilia that serves Chinese and is child friendly
Come visit The Phoenix in our beautiful riverside area . Our customer rating of 3 out of 5 is sure to draw you in .
Cotto is an English coffee shop located in the city centre near The Portland Arms offering food at the average price .
There is a Chinese restaurant in the city center . called The Eagle , it is situated near a Burger King and is moderately priced and child friendly with a low customer rating .
The Eagle , in the riverside area near Café Brazil , has a 3 out of 5 rating and yes it is children - friendly .
The Wrestlers is a Chinese coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in the river side . Price is moderate , no kids friendly .
The Wrestlers is a highly rated child friendly venue .
The Mill is a coffee shop in riverside near The Sorrento offers English foods for £ 20 - 25 .
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range . It is near Ranch . Its customer rating is average .
Located near The Sorrento , The Wrestlers is kid - friendly and has a high customer rating .
The Eagle is a child friendly coffee shop with English food . It has an average customer rating and a high price range . It is near Burger King in riverside .
Customers of city centre establishment , The Phoenix , have given it a rating of five out of five .
There is a family - friendly coffee shop Browns Cambridge in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel that provides English food and it is average rating hotel .
The Punter is a coffee shot offering Chinese food for less than £ 20 and is located near Café Sicilia . While it has a low customer rating is it family friendly .
Family friendly coffee shop , Aromi , located along the river has been rated 5 stars .
The Cocum coffee shop serves cheap English food . It has an average customer rating , and it is not family - friendly .
The Eagle coffee Shop providing English Food . It is located in riverside near Burger King . Have £ 20 - 25 price range and high costumer rating .
Welcome to The Wrestlers . We are a coffee shop , our price range is moderate , our food is English we 're kid friendly located in the city centre by the Raja Indian Cuisine . We have a disclaimer by the door , we wrestle and any blood stains we do not cover .
The coffee shop Browns Cambridge , in the riverside area , offers Chinese food . It allows children and is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel but it has a rating of 1 out of 5 .
Customers have rated Midsummer House located close to The Bakers as low .
The Eagle is a cheap English coffee shop near Burger King that is family - friendly in the city centre with a 5out of 5 customer rating .
An expensive , English coffee shop called Cocum has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is child friendly .
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly coffee shop located near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The Wrestlers is child friendly and rated 5 out of 5 .
There is restaurant English on the side The Sorrento in the city centre with coffee shop with moderate price , its The Mill
The Cricketers is a Chinese coffee shop located near The Portland Arms . It is kid friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
I love the coffee at the Wildwood coffee shop , it is a great value . I wish I could eat there everyday . It is located near Ranch Street .
In the riverside area , there is a high priced coffee shop near The Portland Arms called Cotto that serves English food and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop which serves English food , with a cheap price range and a 5 out of 5 customer rating score located in the riverside area .
Alimentum is not a family - friendly place , located in city centre .
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves low rated Chinese food near Clare Hall in the riverside area .
The Cotto is a reasonably priced English style coffee shop . It is rated five stars and is located near to The Portland Arms
There is a highly rated Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms called The Cricketers . It is kid friendly .
The Cambridge Blue is a 1 star coffee shop located near Burger King .
A Riverside restaurant called The Phoenix has a poor customer rating .
The Eagle restaurant near Café Brazil at the city center has a low customer rating and is not family - friendly .
There is a coffee shop Cotto that has an average customer rating located in the riverside near The Portland Arms . They offer Chinese food at an expensive price .
The Eagle is an English coffee shop near Burger King , in the city centre . It is highly rated by customers , is child - friendly , and has a price range that is more than £ 30 .
The Wrestlers is kid friendly with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
Aromi is a coffee shop serving Chinese food that is rated average and is located in the city centre . Aromi is not family friendly .
Along the riverside is The Phoenix , it 's rated 5 out of 5 .
The Punter is a family friendly pub in a riverside location with an excellent customer rating .
The Wrestlers coffee shop and Chinese is along the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine . It 's generally less than £ 20 but isn 't family friendly .
The Punter is an average - rated restaurant that is child friendly and located by the riverside
A kids friendly coffee shop called Cocum has English food . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and has a moderate price range .
In the riverside area near the Burger King there is a coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue . This shop has a 3 out of 5 rating and is children friendly .
The Eagle is located in the riverside area near Café Brazil . It has a high customer rating is kids friendly .
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £ 20 - 25 price range . Its customer rating is high .
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in the Riverside area near Burger King that is not family - friendly .
Cocum is a coffee shop that serves English food at a moderate price . It is kids friendly and has a rating of 3 out of 5 .
Cotto is a coffee shop and Chinese restaurant located in the riverside area near The Portland Arms . Most dishes cost more than 30 pounds , and it has a high customer rating .
One child friendly place , The Eagle , has an average rating . It is near Café Brazil in the Riverside area .
The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop with a moderate price range . It sells Chinese food and has an overall customer rating of 3 out of 5 . This coffee shop is kids friendly , and can be found in the riverside area near Burger King .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop on the riverside . It serves English food and has a high rating . No its not child friendly and food is more than £ 30 .
Near Café Brazil is a child friendly place called The Eagle with ok reviews at riverside .
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop located in riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel . It boasts high ratings and is child - friendly .
The Wrestlers serves slightly expensive English food , and welcomes children . Located near Raja Indian Cuisine , it is a coffee shop by the riverside .
Located near riverside , Fitzbillies is a Chinese coffee shop . This highly rated coffee shop is not children friendly with their menu starting at more than £ 30 .
The Wrestlers is near The Sorrento . Yes the children are friendly . The customer rating is average .
The Wrestlers has an average rating and is children friendly
The riverside area has coffee shop near the Burger King that is both in the moderate price range and kid friendly called The Eagle . It has a 3 out of 5 customer rating and serves English food .
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento and provides food in a child friendly atmosphere
The Punter is family - friendly with an average rating located in city centre .
Aromi is a coffee shop and also offer Chinese food . We have a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . Located in city center . Unfortunately not family friendly
No , The Wrestlers with high price not low
Located in the center of the city , near Clare Hall , is a Chinese coffee shop called Clowns , with low customer ratings .
Browns Cambridge near the Crowne Plaza Hotel at the riverside boasts the best English food at a coffee shop with a kid friendly environment known for its high customer rating .
In the riverside are near Raja Indian Cuisine is a customer rated 3 out of 5 restaurant named Travellers Rest Beefeater .
Fitzbillies coffee shop has Chinese food with low price range and customer rating of 5 out of 5 at the riverside and is not family friendly .
Located in the city centre near Burger King , The Eagle is a Chinese coffee shop in the moderate price range . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and it is not kids friendly .
The Cambridge Blue is near Burger King in the riverside area , they are an average children Friendly coffee shop
There is a cheap , family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food called Cocum but it has a very average rating .
Located in the riverside area , The Punter is adult only with average ratings .
The Eagle is located near Café Brazil and is not family friendly .
The Punter is an adult coffee shop that serves Chinese food . It is expensive , rated low by its customers , and is located near Café Sicilia .
Located in riverside , The Punter has a low customer rating and is not family - friendly .
Taste of Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop located in the riverside . It is family friendly is is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel .
Fitzbillies is a cheap but delicious coffee shop located in the riverside area . They serve English food within a cheap price range .
The Punter is a high priced English food coffee shop located near Café Sicilia . It has an average customer rating and is not children friendly .
Fitzbillies Chinese coffee shop is a family friendly establishment in the city Centre with cheap prices .
Near the River there is a cheap coffee shop called Fitzbillies . It is not family - friendly .
Kids are welcome at The Wrestlers coffee shop , serving moderately priced Chinese food in the centre of town , near the Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Mill , near The Sorrento at the riverside is a cheap English coffee shop .
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the £ 20 - 25 price range . It is located in the riverside . It is near Burger King . Its customer rating is high .
The Wrestlers is a highly consumer rated and kid friendly establishment .
There is a no friendly for kids coffee shop called Cocum which provides English food in the high prices with an average customer rating .
There is a moderate - priced coffee shop The Golden Palace located in the centre of the city that provides Chinese food . Customer rating for this coffee shop is 1 out of 5 .
The restaurant The Wrestlers located near The Sorrento id child friendly and has high customer ratings .
Browns Cambridge is a Chinese coffee shop near Crowne Plaza Hotel . It is located in the city centre . Rating is 5 out of 5 and family friendly .
There is a coffee shop called The Eagle that serves Chinese food The price range is more than £ 30 and the customer rating is high . it is child friendly and is near Burger King in the City centre
The Cotto Chinese coffee shop in the city centre near The Portland Arms , has a moderate priced menu and is rated by customers 1 out of 5 .
There is a moderately priced coffee shop called Wildwood near the Ranch serving English food . It has been rated 3 out of 5 .
With a high customer rating and located near The Portland Arms in the city centre , Cotto is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food . It is in the £ 20 - 25 price range .
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop and yes has a children area , but It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . It is located in riverside near to Burger King .
The Eagle is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the riverside area near to Burger King . It 's cheap and family friendly with an average customer rating .
The Wrestlers is child friendly yes , and it is near The Sorrento . It has an average customer rating .
The Wrestlers is a family friendly place with high customer rating .
The Phoenix by the riverside has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
There is a kid friendly highly rated English coffee shop in the riverside area near Crowne Plaza Hotel . It is called Browns Cambridge .
Not for families , The Eagle is a coffee shop in the city centre near Burger King where you can enjoy cheap English food with an average rating .
The Punter is a coffee shop located close to Café Sicilia that is classified in the low price range .
There is a great place for the whole family . It is called The Eagle . You can find it in the riverside district close to Café Brazil .
The Phoenix is a poor rated restaurant in the city centre .
Taste of Cambridge coffee shop offers Chinese food . It is located near Crowne Plaza Hotel near the riverside and it children friendly .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food on riverside that is child friendly . It has a high price range and an average customer rating .
Rated 3 out of 5 is The Punter , a child - friendly location at the riverside .
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area with a 5 out of 5 customer rating and a family friendly atmosphere .
The Chinese coffee shop , The Wrestlers , is located in the city centre near Raja Indian Cuisine . This place isn 't children friendly , as well as the price range being high .
Located near Burger King in the riverside area , Alimentum is known for its kid - friendly environment .
Fitzbillies , located in the city centre , does not cater for young children at more than £ 30 per head , serving English food in their coffee shop with high customer ratings .
In the riverside area , near The Portland Arms there is a coffee shop called Cotto that sells English food for a moderate price and a rating of 1 out of 5 stars .
A cheap Chinese coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine located riverside and is family - friendly is The Wrestlers .
Located in the city centre , The Punter is a family - friendly restaurant with a five out of five customer rating .
Clowns is an English food coffee shop style eatery with above average customer ratings near Clare Hall in the riverside area .
The Eagle , a family friendly coffee shop located by the riverside near Burger King serves English food for less than £ 20 , it has been low - rated .
Fitzbillies coffee shop has Chinese food at a moderate price . Customers rate Fitzbillies a 1 out of 5 . It is in the city centre and is kid friendly .
Located near Burger King in the riverside area is a family - Friendly coffee shop . The Cambridge Blue has a low customer rating .
The Golden Palace is located in Riverside has average ratings . It is a cheap coffee shop that offers Chinese food .
There is a cheap family friendly coffee shop on riverside called The Wrestlers , They serve English food , and are located near Raja Indian Cuisine .
Aromi coffee shop serves Chinese food in the riverside area . It is highly rated but not family friendly .
A coffee shop which serve English food in the city centre near the Raja Indian Cuisine is a restaurant called The Wrestlers with a moderate price range and not kids friendly place .
Cocum is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the more than £ 30 price range . Its customer rating is high .
In the riverside area there is a restaurant called Travellers Rest Beefeater which had a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and it is near Raja Indian Cuisine .
The Wrestlers has a low customer rating but is family friendly .
The Mill is a coffee shop serving English food near The Sorrento with a high price range near the area riverside
Cocum it is coffee shop for the entire family , you have 1 star
The Punter coffee shop has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . It is family friendly , offers Chinese food at a moderate price and is located near Café Sicilia .
The riverside area has a restaurant called Travellers Rest Beefeater . The restaurant is right by Raja Indian Cuisine . People just loves it .
The Punter in a family friendly venue in riverside with an average rating .
Aromi is an Chinese coffee shop has 1 out of 5 in the customer rating near the riverside and friendly with kid
Set by the riverside , near Café Brazil is The Eagle . Family friendly with a great rating .
Browns Cambridge is a family friendly Chinese coffee shop with low customer rating in the centre of the city near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The Punter with an average rating and child friendly can be found by near the river side
Near Burger King by the riverside is a children friendly coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue .
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop located in Riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel which serves English food and is known to be kid friendly .
coffee shop , The Mill a cheap Chinese establishment in the riverside area near The Sorrento .
A moderate prices coffee shop that serves English food in the Riverside area is The Golden Palace and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
Cocum is a average priced coffee shop with a high customer rating . This kids friendly coffee shop sells English food .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that is family friendly and serves British food . it is down the road from Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The Punter is a kid - friendly restaurant in the Riverside area with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
Located near Café Brazil , The Eagle is found on the riverside and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . It is also kid friendly .
Clowns is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food at a low price . It is located in the city centre near Clare Hall .
The Wrestlers is a non family friendly coffee shop who serves Chinese food and is less than £ 20 . It is near the Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre .
Cocum is an adult English coffee shop with high price range and low customer rating 1 out of 5
Located near Café Sicilia , The Punter is a high priced coffee shop serving English food with an average rating and is children friendly .
The Eagle serves English food in riverside area near Burger King . It is cheap family friendly place Customer rated 5 out of 5 .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range . It is located in the city centre . Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
Midsummer House is a high rated place and near The Bakers .
Aromi is a average customer rated family coffee shop .
There is a mid - price ranged coffee shop called The Wrestlers that serves Chinese food located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city center .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near The Portland Arms . Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
Cotto is a low priced coffee shop offering Chinese cuisine . They are located in the city centre , near The Portland Arms with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
Alimentum is kid - friendly and is located at the riverside .
The Aromi is an English coffee shop located in the city centre that is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating .
In riverside is The Phoenix with a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
Aromi serves English food in coffee shop and is located in the riverside area . Rated average . kid unfriendly
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop with moderate prices located in riverside near The Portland Arms .
If you are looking for a children friendly restaurant , check out The Wrestlers . It is near The Sorrento and has an average customer rating .
In Riverside there is a 3 out of 5 rated coffee shop called Clowns that serves Chinese food near Clare Hall
Check out the Bibimbap House in the Riverside area , located near Café Sicilia .
The Wrestlers is located near The Sorrento very happy place for children and adults , has 3 to 5 of customer rating
In the riverside area you 'll find a great coffee shop with moderate prices serving English food called The Golden Palace .
Midsummer House is average rated near The Bakers .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that also serves Chinese food . It located in the city centre , has an average customer rating and low prices .
For English food , Clowns near Clare Hall , Riverside is highly rated
Cotto is an average priced English coffee shop with high ratings . It can be found in riverside near The Portland Arms .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that sells Chinese food . It has a high customer rating , is family friendly , and is located in the city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel .
coffee shop The Cricketers serves Chinese cuisine and is near The Portland Arms . It is family friendly but has poor customer reviews .
Near The Portland Arms by the riverside is a Chinese coffee shop called Cotto that costs less than £ 20 but has a low customer rating .
Close to Café Sicilia , The Punter coffee shop is a mid - price family restaurant serving British cuisine .
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop with an average customer Rating near Burger King on the riverside .
In the riverside area , there is a children - friendly restaurant named The Punter . It has a low customer rating .
Clowns serves fried food . It is a coffee shop with a low star rating in the riverside area near Clare Hall .
The Wrestlers is a family - friendly facility with a low customer rating .
The Phoenix is an fantastic bar in the city center , we highly recommend with a 5 out of 5 stars rating .
Aromi is a low rated coffee shop serving Chinese food in riverside . They are not family oriented .
A family - friendly coffee shop is The Cricketers , it is near The Portland Arms .
Located in the city centre area Fitzbillies coffee shop serves English food in a Kids Friendly environment with a price range of 20 - 25 and high customer Rating .
Midsummer House is A 5 our of 5 consumer rating near The Bakers .
Place which is called The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop , which in children are friendly and customers think that , it is a average place . It is located near Burger King .
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is near Café Sicilia . Its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
The Punter is a coffee shop , offering cheap Chinese food . Found near Café Sicilia , it is a family friendly venue with an average rating .
For more than £ 30 and with a high customer rating , Fitzbillies , a no child friendly coffee shop in the Riverside area serves English food
Fitzbillies is a moderately priced kid friendly English coffee shop located in the city centre . It has a rating of 1 out of 5 .
Near Clare Hall in Riverside is a coffee shop named Clowns that serves Chinese food and is rated 3 out of 5
Midsummer House The Bakers customer rating 3 out 5
The Punter is a mature coffee shop , offering British food at exclusive prices - customers rate 1 out of 5 near Café Sicilia .
near Café Sicilia there 's a low customer rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food with a price range of less than 20 pounds called The Punter .
Travellers Rest Beefeater is a low end restaurant located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre .
The Wrestlers is both kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food , rated a 5 out of 5 by its customers . It is located at a riverside and is near the Crowne Plaza Hotel and is not family friendly .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre there is a coffee shop called The Wrestlers . It serves Chines food at a high price range and is not children friendly .
Aromi is small coffee shop , ideal for individuals near the city centre of Cambridge
The Cricketers provide Chinese food in a coffee shop setting . The establishment is children friendly . You can find The Cricketers near The Portland Arms . 1 out of 5 customer rating .
The Cambridge Blue is a child friendly coffee shop in riverside . it has an average customer rating and is near Burger King .
High customer rating and kids Friendly is The Punter located at a riverside area
Aromi coffee shop serves Chinese food , is rated low , and is not family - friendly . It is located in the city centre .
The Eagle coffee Shop providing English Food . It is located in riverside near Burger King . Have £ 20 - 25 price range .
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop in Riverside , near Burger King . It is child friendly , and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
Very Poor unfriendly The Punter near riverside is bad .
Cotto is a coffee shop in the moderate price range . It is located east of The Portland Arms .
If you want a coffee shop in the riverside area try The Golden Palace . It offers English food at a high price range which has been rated average by previous customers .
coffee shop The Golden Palace has a very good reputation , unfortunately , also has a high price . It offers English food
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop located near Burger King in the city centre . It is family - friendly but has a low customer rating .
coffee shop near Café Sicilia called The Punter the customer rating is average and the price range is cheap it is not family - friendly .
The Eagle coffee shop , serving
Located in riverside near Burger King The Eagle coffee shop , in the moderate price range , they serve English food . They are not kid friendly they have 1 out of 5 customer rating .
There is a coffee shop in the riverside area called Aromi . It sells Chinese food and is children friendly . Overall , it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
The Eagle is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food with a moderate price range . It has a 1 out of 5 rating and is not kid friendly . It is located in riverside near the Burger King .
With a high customer rating , The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly coffee shop located near Burger King in the riverside area .
On the river , near The Sorrento is a cheap coffee shop called The Mill .
Near Café Sicilia is a Chinese coffee shop named The Punter . It has a price rant of more than 30 pounds , has a high customer rating , and is not children friendly .
Cotto is a coffee shop style eatery serving English food at prices averaging over £ 30 . Highly rated , it is located in the city centre close to The Portland Arms .
Cocum is an expensive coffee shop that also serves Chinese food . Customers gave it a one out of five rating and it 's not kid friendly .
The Punter is a riverside venue with a 5 out of 5 customer rating . It is not family - friendly .
The Wrestlers eat at a restaurant with an average customer rating , near The Sorrento . it is not kid friendly .
A kid friendly place with a rating if 3 out of 5 near Café Brazil in Riverside is called The Eagle
Near the Burger King You can visit coffee shop that is customer rated 5 out of 5 . The Cambridge Blue is located in riverside area and is family friendly .
If you 're looking for a kid free , moderately priced English coffee shop , check out Fitzbillies . Located by the riverside , customers have rated it 1 out of 5 .
The Eagle is a family friendly restaurant near Café Brazil in the riverside area with a low customer rating .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop for families that is high rated and near The Portland Arms .
The Punter is a low rated venue in the city centre , not recommended for children .
Cotto , near The Portland Arms , is a riverside coffee shop with a moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
Near Raja Indian Cuisine by the riverside , Travellers Rest Beefeater has a 5 out of 5 rating .
Wildwood is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the high price range . It is near Ranch . Its customer rating is average .
Cocum is an expensive coffee shop that serves breakfast and is 3 star .
The Wrestlers family restaurant near The Sorrento is very family friendly . The Ratings are low .
Fitzbillies coffee shop is family - friendly , and serves good basic food . Although not the cheapest venue , it is not too far from Cambridge City centre and has had some good reviews .
situated near the city centre is The Punter , although does not cater for children has an average customer rating .
The Eagle coffee shop is located east of Burger King . It is low - priced , and not family - friendly .
The average coffee shop , Browns Cambridge , serves Chinese food near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre .
The Punter is family - friendly . It is locate in the city centre . It has a low customer rating .
If you are looking for places to eat t in the riverside area , The Phoenix is a restaurant with a 1 out of 5 star rating .
Aromi is a coffee shop that offers Chinese food in the city centre . It is a family friendly restaurant with a low customer rating .
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range . It is near Café Sicilia . Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
In riverside , The Phoenix has a 3 out of 5 rating .
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food at a high price range located near Café Sicilia . The customer rating is average and it is not children friendly .
The Punter is a coffee shop with a low customer rating . It offers English food at a price range of less than £ 20 . Near Café Sicilia , it is not very family - friendly .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop serving Chinese food in the average price range . It is located in the city centre and receives high customer ratings , though not the best place to bring your kids .
Browns Cambridge is an English coffee shop . It located near riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel . It 's family friendly . The customer rated it average .
Fitzbillies coffee shop is family - friendly and cheap , and serves very well - reviewed traditional British food . Find it just to the south of the river , north of Cambridge City centre .
The coffee shop near the city centre with the name Aromi which is a no family - friendly English restaurant for customer rating of 5 out of 5
Wildwood is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and has a high price range ; it is near the Ranch .
The Eagle is a family - friendly place that can be found in the city centre close to Café Brazil . Customers have rated it very high .
There is a coffee shop in Riverside , near Raja Indian Cuisine called The Wrestlers . It is not family friendly and serves Chinese food for less than £ 20 .
Chinese food can be found at Cocum , a coffee shop . Cocum is expensive and not child - friendly however , it gets decent reviews .
The kids friendly location named The Wrestlers has a high customer rating .
There is a coffee shop called Wildwood that serves Chinese food . Located near Ranch , they have a 5 out of 5 customer rating and you can eat there for cheap .
Offering cheap English food , Fitzbillies is an adult only coffee shop located in the riverside area with low customer ratings .
The Eagle is a highly rated children friendly eatery in the Riverside area . It is near Café Brazil .
Aromi is a Chinese food coffee shop in riverside . It is family friendly and gets a customer rating of 5 out of 5 stars .
The Punter is not family - friendly , and located in the city centre . It has a rating of 5 out of 5 .
In Riverside , there 's an average place called The Punter that welcomes children .
If you 're looking for a family - friendly coffee shop in the city centre , Fitzbillies offers highly - rated , expensive English food .
If you are in the riverside area , near Clare Hall , it is not recommended that you stop at Clowns coffee shop to try eating like the English .
The Punter Is Cheap but only has a one star rating . It has no family amenities and is located near Café Sicilia
The Wrestlers is a 5 out of 5 restaurant that is child friendly .
Aromi is a family friendly coffee shop that serves Chinese food . It is located in the city centre and has an average customer rating .
The Eagle is a family friendly near Café Brazil . Located in Riverside with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine and offers English food and is child friendly . It is in riverside and is expensive .
The Wrestlers has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is a family friendly place near The Sorrento .
The Eagle kept eating English people and Burger King said no , the family ate the Eagle for less than £ 20 at a coffee shop .
The English coffee shop Fitzbillies is near the riverside . It is a cheap , average shop not family - friendly .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the moderate price range . It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
The Wildwood is a medium priced coffee shop located near Ranch , it is 5 star .
Taste of Cambridge near Crown Plaza Hotel in Riverside is a coffee shop serving English meals and child friendly
Cocum is a high - priced English coffee shop . They are child - friendly , but boast only an average rating .
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that is family friendly near Burger King . it is riverside and has an customer rating of average
The coffee shop Cocum also offers Chinese food in the price range of £ 20 - 25 . Cocum has high customer ratings but is not kid friendly .
The Eagle is a coffee shop offering Chinese food . They are price ranged of less than £ 20 with a low customer rating . They are not family friendly and are located in the riverside near Burger King .
The Mill is a coffee shop that is family friendly near The Sorrento . it is riverside and has English food . Price is moderate
A low rated English style coffee shop around Ranch called Wildwood has moderately priced food .
Located in the city centre , there is a cheap and family - friendly English coffee shop named Fitzbillies , which boasts a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
The Wrestlers is a child friendly venue near The Sorrento with a 3 out of 5 rating .
Near Burger King , The Eagle offers Chinese food and also serves as a highly - rated coffee shop in riverside that is child - friendly . Prices range above 30 pounds .
The Browns Cambridge is a 5 out of 5 , family friendly coffee shop with Chinese food along the riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The Wrestlers is a family friendly restaurant near The Sorrento that earned a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
With an average customer rating The Eagle is located near Café Brazil in the riverside area . The Eagle is not family - friendly .
Wildwood , near Ranch , is a coffee shop which specialises in Chinese food . Its prices are moderate and its customers rate it 3 out of 5 .
If looking for a moderately priced 1 out of 5 star restaurant near the riverside , Travellers Rest Beefeater is a good option - located near Café Adriatic .
A cheap coffee shop is Cotto . They serve English food . It is located near the Portland Arms in the city centre . They are low rated .
The Eagle is a restaurant that is not friendly to families and has low customer ratings . It is located in the center of the city near Café Brazil .
The Clowns is a English low rating English coffee shop located near Clare Hall in the city centre .
Close to the Ranch is a coffee shop called Wildwood . It is in the low price range .
Burger King is near the Alimentum which is not family friendly and located north of the City center .
The Mill coffee shop at prices of £ 20 or less serving great English food near The Sorrento in the riverside area
The Fitzbillies is non children - friendly coffee shop that also serves Chinese food . While it is located in the city centre and its prices are decent it has a low customer rating , 1 out of 5 .
Aromi is a coffee shop that provides Chinese food . It has an average rating and it located in the city centre . It is family friendly .
The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly coffee shop next to Burger King at the river side . It does not have good reviews .
The Eagle is a kids friendly coffee shop with moderately priced Chinese food . It has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars . It is on the riverside near Burger King .
The Eagle is a coffee shop that serves Chinese . It has an average customer rating and a high price range . It is not child friendly and you can find it in the city centre near Burger King .
Clowns is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Clare Hall that has a rating 1 out of 5 . They serve Chinese food .
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King . This kid friendly establishment is along the riverside . Rated 3 out of 5 .
Near Café Sicilia is The Punter . It is a Chinese coffee shop with a lower price range but the customer rating is low and it is not kid - friendly .
Fitzbillies coffee shop on the river . Pricey 3 star English food . Kids Welcome .
The Punter is an expensive English coffee shop near Café Sicilia . The reviews have been pretty bad at 1 out of 5 .
The Punter is an excellent restaurant located in the city centre .
Poor customer rated establishment The Wrestlers has become child friendly .
Aromi is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
Taste of Cambridge is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is located in the city centre . It is near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The Cambridge Blue is a children friendly restaurant providing coffee shop food with a low customer rating . It is located on the riverside near Burger King .
Fitzbillies coffee shop located in the City centre offers meals at average prices suitable for families .
Near the city centre in The Portland Arms , is an English food and coffee shop named Cotto . Customers rate is as having a cheap price range with average reviews .
In the city centre near The Portland Arms , a coffee shop named Cotto serves English for for a price range of less than £ 20 , although this gets a low customer rating .
coffee shop The Cambridge Blue is a family friendly location in the riverside area with a 5 out of 5 rating located near Burger King .
The Cricketers is a family friendly coffee shop that offers average English food , and is located near The Portland Arms .
Cotto is English food coffee shop . its near by The Portland Arms at the riverside . it has average - rated and low - priced .
The Eagle , near Café Brazil by the riverside is highly rated and child friendly .
5 out of 5 rated English Food , Aromi coffee shop is family friendly located in Riverside .
A kid friendly place is The Eagle and is close to Café Brazil .
Aromi is a kid friendly coffee shop with a 3 out of 5 rating serving Chinese food located in the Riverside area .
The Punter has a low customer rating , is family friendly and located in riverside
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the city centre . It has high prices but only gets an average customer rating and is not friendly for children . But if you want Chinese food it is an option .
The Cambridge Blue near Burger King in Riverside is a kid friendly coffee shop .
Alimentum is not family - friendly . Alimentum is in the city center and it is near Burger King .
Taste of Cambridge , located near Crowne Plaza Hotel in the city centre , is a coffee shop that also sells Chinese food . Children should not visit .
The Wrestlers is a kid friendly coffee shop located along the riverside near Raja Indian Cuisine . It serves English food for £ 20 - £ 25 .
High - priced British food can be found at the coffee shop the Cocum . This is a family friendly coffee shop . Customers give the coffee shop 1 out of 5 stars .
Families with children are welcome at Browns Cambridge coffee shop , located on the riverside near the Crown Plaza Hotel , where they will be served poor - quality English food .
For under £ 20 you can eat at The Wrestlers in riverside . It 's a family friendly coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine that serves English cuisine .
Located near Burger King , The Eagle is a coffee shop styled joint that sells Chinese food . This shop is known in the city centre for its high prices , family friendly atmosphere , and high ratings .
A none kids friendly place with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 is a coffee shop which serve English food a moderate price range . The Eagle is located in the city centre near Burger King .
The Chinese coffee shop in riverside , in rated low by customers . The price range is less than £ 20 . It is called The Golden Palace .
The Cricketers is a kid friendly coffee shop near The Portland Arms . It boasts a high customer rating and serves English food .
Rated average by customers and not child friendly the Cocum coffee shop serves English food and is priced high .
The Eagle coffee shop in Cambridge is not family friendly . It is located east of Burger King .
The riverside restaurant , Alimentum is very child friendly and great for adults as well .
The Eagle is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range . It is located in the city centre . It is near Burger King . Its customer rating is average .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop with moderate price featuring English food and is Kid Friendly and is located near Raja Indian Cuisine in the city centre .
The Wrestlers is a child - friendly , moderate restaurant with a rating of 3 out of 5 which is great for those on a budget .
The Wrestlers is a coffee shop in Riverside located near the Raja Indian Cuisine , where they serve Chinese food , it 's average price for a meal is more than 30 euros and it 's a children friendly facility .
The Punter is a coffee shop providing Chinese food in the cheap price range . It is near Café Sicilia . Its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
Beside the Burger King at the end of the city is a high priced restaurant called The Eagle .
The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop that is family friendly near Burger King in the riverside area . It also has a low customer rating .
Fitzbillies on the riverside is a highly rated kid friendly coffee shop that offers English food with average prices .
There is a family - friendly coffee shop Browns Cambridge that serves English food located in the center of the city near Crowne Plaza Hotel that has low customer rating .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop on the riverside . It serves English food and has a high rating . No its not child friendly and food is more than £ 30 .
Chinese and coffee shop , The Mill is higher in price on the riverside near The Sorrento .
In riverside , near Burger King , you can find a coffee shop called The Cambridge Blue . They have a customer rating of 3 out of 5 , and they are child friendly .
The Cricketers is a coffee shop providing Chinese food It is near The Portland Arms . Its customer rating is high .
The Cambridge Blue - a city centre coffee shop near Burger King , has an average rating from customers and is a no go for families .
In riverside , a coffee shop named Aromi provide Chinese cuisine with kids friendly environment and average rating .
Located on the riverside The Phoenix has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
The Wrestlers is a child - friendly coffee shop situated by the riverside . It is near Raja Indian Cuisine , and serves English food for a higher - than - average price .
for a 5 out of 5 rated restaurant go to the Travellers Rest Beefeater that is right by the Raja Indian Cuisine on the riverside .
Aromi Is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food . It is located at the riverside . It has an average customer rating and it 's family friendly
Cotto is a Chinese coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the riverside area . It has a moderate price point and a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
There is a cheap coffee shop Aromi that is opened to all age groups and provide quality coffee drinks .
Near The Portland Arms is a family friendly coffee shop named The Cricketers with a high customer rating that serves Chinese .
coffee shop which is located near Burger King , name is The Cambridge Blue . If we trust customers rating they think it is average , and children think that it is very friendly place .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop and Chinese food restaurant that is on the pricey side and has average customer reviews in Riverside and it is not friendly for children .
Yes it is children friendly . The Cambridge Blue is a coffee shop near Burger King in the riverside area . It has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
coffee Shop , The Eagle , is a coffee shop offering English cuisine by the Burger King
The coffee shop , Cocum , serves English food and is cheap but it has a low rating and is not family - friendly .
The Punter coffee Shop offers a delicious Chinese menu at cheap prices . Caters for an adult audience who have rated it 5 out of 5 . Located close to the Café Sicilia .
English restaurant , Fitzbillies coffee shop in the city centre has a price range of more than £ 30 . It has a high customer rating and is child friendly .
There is a coffee shop near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside called The Wrestlers
there is a low price coffee shop named Fitzbillies located in riverside that serving Japanese food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but not family - friendly
Wildwood is a coffee shop near Ranch with a high customer rating . They serve Chinese food with a cost of over £ 30 .
Fitzbillies coffee shop has cheap breakfast for the whole family , they are rated with only one star and can be found in the city center .
Browns Cambridge is a family - friendly coffee shop that is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel which is outside the city centre .
Cotto is a coffee shop near The Portland Arms in the riverside area with an average customer Rating and is in the cheap price Range .
Wildwood is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food near the Ranch . Their price range is £ 20 - 25 and their customer rating is high .
The highly rated coffee shop , Cotto , serves Chinese food , is in the range of £ 20 - 25 , and is in city centre near The Portland Arms .
Cocum is an average priced coffee shop that is family friendly .
The Browns Cambridge is a low rated , kids friendly coffee shop offering Chinese food which is located at riverside near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
The Punter is child friendly with a high customer rating . They are located in the riverside area .
in the riverside area , Aromi Chinese coffee shop , family friendly , rates average
Aromi , is a coffee shop eatery where you can dine on Chinese cuisine and has earned an average customer rating , located in the Riverside area and is a family friendly eatery .
Midsummer House has a high customer rating and is situated near The Bakers .
Customers have given a family friendly place named The Wrestlers a low rating .
There is a poor rated family - friendly coffee shop The Cambridge Blue located near Burger King in the city centre .
Browns Cambridge is a low rated coffee shop that serves Chinese food in the centre of the city . Located near Crowne Plaza Hotel this coffee shop is not family friendly .
The Wrestlers , near Raja Indian Cuisine in riverside , serves English food . It is moderately priced and kid friendly .
Browns Cambridge is a coffee - shop style restaurant serving Chinese food . It is located near the Crowne Plaza Hotel in the riverside area . It is kid - friendly and receives average ratings .
Cocum is a coffee shop which serves Chinese food for a cheap price . It is not family -friendly , however it maintains a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
Close to Café Sicilia is a child friendly British coffee shop named The Punter . It is expensive and not very good .
Clowns is a coffee shop offering Chinese food . They are located riverside and rated 3 out of 5 . They can be found near Clare Hall .
There is a kid friendly coffee shop that offers English food named Cocum . It has a high rating and the price range is £ 20 - 25 .
The Cambridge Blue is a kids friendly coffee shop , near Burger King at riverside . It is rated 3 out of 5 .
Taste of Cambridge is an English children friendly coffee shop in Riverside near the Crowne Plaza Hotel .
Clowns is a coffee shop near Clare Hall in the riverside area offering English food . It has a high customer rating .
The Golden Palace is a coffee shop that sells English food in Riverside , the customer rating is high and the price ranging from £ 30 and more
Wildwood is a 3 star coffee shop located next to the Ranch that provides British food for a high cost .
Alimentum is near Burger King and is not only riverside , but children friendly as well .
Near Crown Plaza Hotel by the riverside is Browns Cambridge , a family friendly coffee shop that serves English food . It has a low customer rating .
The Golden Palace is an English coffee shop . It is cheap and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . You can find it in the city centre .
The Eagle is a cheap , English coffee shop near Burger King in the city center . They are rated as average and not family - friendly .
English , family - friendly English coffee shop located in City Centre is Aromi . It has an average rating .
There is a coffee shop named The Wrestlers in the city centre . It is near Raja Indian Cuisine , moderately priced and caters to an adult crowd .
Browns Cambridge , a coffee shop , has a customer rating 5 out of 5 , English food , family friendly , in the riverside area , and near Crowne Plaza Hotel .
Fitzbillies is a coffee shop that serves Chinese food on riverside . It is child friendly and has a price range of £ 20 - 25 with high customer ratings .
The English style coffee shop , The Golden Palace , is located in the city centre .
The Mill is a moderately priced coffee shop in the city centre near The Sorrento . They serve English food .
